What are the advantages of different classification algorithms?	Agreement Rate Initialized Maximum Likelihood Estimator for Ensemble   Classifier Aggregation and Its Application in Brain-Computer Interface  Ensemble learning is a powerful approach to construct a strong learner from multiple base learners. The most popular way to aggregate an ensemble of classifiers is majority voting, which assigns a sample to the class that most base classifiers vote for. However, improved performance can be obtained by assigning weights to the base classifiers according to their accuracy. This paper proposes an agreement rate initialized maximum likelihood estimator (ARIMLE) to optimally fuse the base classifiers. ARIMLE first uses a simplified agreement rate method to estimate the classification accuracy of each base classifier from the unlabeled samples, then employs the accuracies to initialize a maximum likelihood estimator (MLE), and finally uses the expectation-maximization algorithm to refine the MLE. Extensive experiments on visually evoked potential classification in a brain-computer interface application show that ARIMLE outperforms majority voting, and also achieves better or comparable performance with several other state-of-the-art classifier combination approaches.	Agreement Rate Initialized Maximum Likelihood Estimator for Ensemble   Classifier Aggregation and Its Application in Brain-Computer Interface  Ensemble learning is a powerful approach to construct a strong learner from multiple base learners. The most popular way to aggregate an ensemble of classifiers is majority voting, which assigns a sample to the class that most base classifiers vote for. However, improved performance can be obtained by assigning weights to the base classifiers according to their accuracy. This paper proposes an agreement rate initialized maximum likelihood estimator (ARIMLE) to optimally fuse the base classifiers. ARIMLE first uses a simplified agreement rate method to estimate the classification accuracy of each base classifier from the unlabeled samples, then employs the accuracies to initialize a maximum likelihood estimator (MLE), and finally uses the expectation-maximization algorithm to refine the MLE. Extensive experiments on visually evoked potential classification in a brain-computer interface application show that ARIMLE outperforms majority voting, and also achieves better or comparable performance with several other state-of-the-art classifier combination approaches.	382
What are the advantages of different classification algorithms?	Can FCA-based Recommender System Suggest a Proper Classifier?  The paper briefly introduces multiple classifier systems and describes a new algorithm, which improves classification accuracy by means of recommendation of a proper algorithm to an object classification. This recommendation is done assuming that a classifier is likely to predict the label of the object correctly if it has correctly classified its neighbors. The process of assigning a classifier to each object is based on Formal Concept Analysis. We explain the idea of the algorithm with a toy example and describe our first experiments with real-world datasets.	Can FCA-based Recommender System Suggest a Proper Classifier?  The paper briefly introduces multiple classifier systems and describes a new algorithm, which improves classification accuracy by means of recommendation of a proper algorithm to an object classification. This recommendation is done assuming that a classifier is likely to predict the label of the object correctly if it has correctly classified its neighbors. The process of assigning a classifier to each object is based on Formal Concept Analysis. We explain the idea of the algorithm with a toy example and describe our first experiments with real-world datasets.	377
What are the advantages of different classification algorithms?	An Evaluation of Classification and Outlier Detection Algorithms  This paper evaluates algorithms for classification and outlier detection accuracies in temporal data. We focus on algorithms that train and classify rapidly and can be used for systems that need to incorporate new data regularly. Hence, we compare the accuracy of six fast algorithms using a range of well-known time-series datasets. The analyses demonstrate that the choice of algorithm is task and data specific but that we can derive heuristics for choosing. Gradient Boosting Machines are generally best for classification but there is no single winner for outlier detection though Gradient Boosting Machines (again) and Random Forest are better. Hence, we recommend running evaluations of a number of algorithms using our heuristics.	An Evaluation of Classification and Outlier Detection Algorithms  This paper evaluates algorithms for classification and outlier detection accuracies in temporal data. We focus on algorithms that train and classify rapidly and can be used for systems that need to incorporate new data regularly. Hence, we compare the accuracy of six fast algorithms using a range of well-known time-series datasets. The analyses demonstrate that the choice of algorithm is task and data specific but that we can derive heuristics for choosing. Gradient Boosting Machines are generally best for classification but there is no single winner for outlier detection though Gradient Boosting Machines (again) and Random Forest are better. Hence, we recommend running evaluations of a number of algorithms using our heuristics.	381
What are the advantages of different classification algorithms?	Shedding Light on the Asymmetric Learning Capability of AdaBoost  In this paper, we propose a different insight to analyze AdaBoost. This analysis reveals that, beyond some preconceptions, AdaBoost can be directly used as an asymmetric learning algorithm, preserving all its theoretical properties. A novel class-conditional description of AdaBoost, which models the actual asymmetric behavior of the algorithm, is presented.	Shedding Light on the Asymmetric Learning Capability of AdaBoost  In this paper, we propose a different insight to analyze AdaBoost. This analysis reveals that, beyond some preconceptions, AdaBoost can be directly used as an asymmetric learning algorithm, preserving all its theoretical properties. A novel class-conditional description of AdaBoost, which models the actual asymmetric behavior of the algorithm, is presented.	376
What are the advantages of different classification algorithms?	A Multi-level procedure for enhancing accuracy of machine learning   algorithms  We propose a multi-level method to increase the accuracy of machine learning algorithms for approximating observables in scientific computing, particularly those that arise in systems modeled by differential equations. The algorithm relies on judiciously combining a large number of computationally cheap training data on coarse resolutions with a few expensive training samples on fine grid resolutions. Theoretical arguments for lowering the generalization error, based on reducing the variance of the underlying maps, are provided and numerical evidence, indicating significant gains over underlying single-level machine learning algorithms, are presented. Moreover, we also apply the multi-level algorithm in the context of forward uncertainty quantification and observe a considerable speed-up over competing algorithms.	A Multi-level procedure for enhancing accuracy of machine learning   algorithms  We propose a multi-level method to increase the accuracy of machine learning algorithms for approximating observables in scientific computing, particularly those that arise in systems modeled by differential equations. The algorithm relies on judiciously combining a large number of computationally cheap training data on coarse resolutions with a few expensive training samples on fine grid resolutions. Theoretical arguments for lowering the generalization error, based on reducing the variance of the underlying maps, are provided and numerical evidence, indicating significant gains over underlying single-level machine learning algorithms, are presented. Moreover, we also apply the multi-level algorithm in the context of forward uncertainty quantification and observe a considerable speed-up over competing algorithms.	380
What are the advantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Multiple decision trees  This paper describes experiments, on two domains, to investigate the effect of averaging over predictions of multiple decision trees, instead of using a single tree. Other authors have pointed out theoretical and commonsense reasons for preferring the multiple tree approach. Ideally, we would like to consider predictions from all trees, weighted by their probability. However, there is a vast number of different trees, and it is difficult to estimate the probability of each tree. We sidestep the estimation problem by using a modified version of the ID3 algorithm to build good trees, and average over only these trees. Our results are encouraging. For each domain, we managed to produce a small number of good trees. We find that it is best to average across sets of trees with different structure; this usually gives better performance than any of the constituent trees, including the ID3 tree.	Multiple decision trees  This paper describes experiments, on two domains, to investigate the effect of averaging over predictions of multiple decision trees, instead of using a single tree. Other authors have pointed out theoretical and commonsense reasons for preferring the multiple tree approach. Ideally, we would like to consider predictions from all trees, weighted by their probability. However, there is a vast number of different trees, and it is difficult to estimate the probability of each tree. We sidestep the estimation problem by using a modified version of the ID3 algorithm to build good trees, and average over only these trees. Our results are encouraging. For each domain, we managed to produce a small number of good trees. We find that it is best to average across sets of trees with different structure; this usually gives better performance than any of the constituent trees, including the ID3 tree.	364
What are the advantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Distributed Decision Trees  Recently proposed budding tree is a decision tree algorithm in which every node is part internal node and part leaf. This allows representing every decision tree in a continuous parameter space, and therefore a budding tree can be jointly trained with backpropagation, like a neural network. Even though this continuity allows it to be used in hierarchical representation learning, the learned representations are local: Activation makes a soft selection among all root-to-leaf paths in a tree. In this work we extend the budding tree and propose the distributed tree where the children use different and independent splits and hence multiple paths in a tree can be traversed at the same time. This ability to combine multiple paths gives the power of a distributed representation, as in a traditional perceptron layer. We show that distributed trees perform comparably or better than budding and traditional hard trees on classification and regression tasks.	Distributed Decision Trees  Recently proposed budding tree is a decision tree algorithm in which every node is part internal node and part leaf. This allows representing every decision tree in a continuous parameter space, and therefore a budding tree can be jointly trained with backpropagation, like a neural network. Even though this continuity allows it to be used in hierarchical representation learning, the learned representations are local: Activation makes a soft selection among all root-to-leaf paths in a tree. In this work we extend the budding tree and propose the distributed tree where the children use different and independent splits and hence multiple paths in a tree can be traversed at the same time. This ability to combine multiple paths gives the power of a distributed representation, as in a traditional perceptron layer. We show that distributed trees perform comparably or better than budding and traditional hard trees on classification and regression tasks.	355
What are the advantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Adversarial Edit Attacks for Tree Data  Many machine learning models can be attacked with adversarial examples, i.e. inputs close to correctly classified examples that are classified incorrectly. However, most research on adversarial attacks to date is limited to vectorial data, in particular image data. In this contribution, we extend the field by introducing adversarial edit attacks for tree-structured data with potential applications in medicine and automated program analysis. Our approach solely relies on the tree edit distance and a logarithmic number of black-box queries to the attacked classifier without any need for gradient information. We evaluate our approach on two programming and two biomedical data sets and show that many established tree classifiers, like tree-kernel-SVMs and recursive neural networks, can be attacked effectively.	Adversarial Edit Attacks for Tree Data  Many machine learning models can be attacked with adversarial examples, i.e. inputs close to correctly classified examples that are classified incorrectly. However, most research on adversarial attacks to date is limited to vectorial data, in particular image data. In this contribution, we extend the field by introducing adversarial edit attacks for tree-structured data with potential applications in medicine and automated program analysis. Our approach solely relies on the tree edit distance and a logarithmic number of black-box queries to the attacked classifier without any need for gradient information. We evaluate our approach on two programming and two biomedical data sets and show that many established tree classifiers, like tree-kernel-SVMs and recursive neural networks, can be attacked effectively.	368
What are the advantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Simultaneous Learning of Trees and Representations for Extreme   Classification and Density Estimation  We consider multi-class classification where the predictor has a hierarchical structure that allows for a very large number of labels both at train and test time. The predictive power of such models can heavily depend on the structure of the tree, and although past work showed how to learn the tree structure, it expected that the feature vectors remained static. We provide a novel algorithm to simultaneously perform representation learning for the input data and learning of the hierarchi- cal predictor. Our approach optimizes an objec- tive function which favors balanced and easily- separable multi-way node partitions. We theoret- ically analyze this objective, showing that it gives rise to a boosting style property and a bound on classification error. We next show how to extend the algorithm to conditional density estimation. We empirically validate both variants of the al- gorithm on text classification and language mod- eling, respectively, and show that they compare favorably to common baselines in terms of accu- racy and running time.	Simultaneous Learning of Trees and Representations for Extreme   Classification and Density Estimation  We consider multi-class classification where the predictor has a hierarchical structure that allows for a very large number of labels both at train and test time. The predictive power of such models can heavily depend on the structure of the tree, and although past work showed how to learn the tree structure, it expected that the feature vectors remained static. We provide a novel algorithm to simultaneously perform representation learning for the input data and learning of the hierarchi- cal predictor. Our approach optimizes an objec- tive function which favors balanced and easily- separable multi-way node partitions. We theoret- ically analyze this objective, showing that it gives rise to a boosting style property and a bound on classification error. We next show how to extend the algorithm to conditional density estimation. We empirically validate both variants of the al- gorithm on text classification and language mod- eling, respectively, and show that they compare favorably to common baselines in terms of accu- racy and running time.	379
What are the advantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Hierarchical Classification using Binary Data  In classification problems, especially those that categorize data into a large number of classes, the classes often naturally follow a hierarchical structure. That is, some classes are likely to share similar structures and features. Those characteristics can be captured by considering a hierarchical relationship among the class labels. Here, we extend a recent simple classification approach on binary data in order to efficiently classify hierarchical data. In certain settings, specifically, when some classes are significantly easier to identify than others, we showcase computational and accuracy advantages.	Hierarchical Classification using Binary Data  In classification problems, especially those that categorize data into a large number of classes, the classes often naturally follow a hierarchical structure. That is, some classes are likely to share similar structures and features. Those characteristics can be captured by considering a hierarchical relationship among the class labels. Here, we extend a recent simple classification approach on binary data in order to efficiently classify hierarchical data. In certain settings, specifically, when some classes are significantly easier to identify than others, we showcase computational and accuracy advantages.	371
What are the disadvantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Trees and Forests in Nuclear Physics  We present a simple introduction to the decision tree algorithm using some examples from nuclear physics. We show how to improve the accuracy of the classical liquid drop nuclear mass model by performing Feature Engineering with a decision tree. Finally, we apply the method to the Duflo-Zuker model showing that, despite their simplicity, decision trees are capable of improving the description of nuclear masses using a limited number of free parameters.	Trees and Forests in Nuclear Physics  We present a simple introduction to the decision tree algorithm using some examples from nuclear physics. We show how to improve the accuracy of the classical liquid drop nuclear mass model by performing Feature Engineering with a decision tree. Finally, we apply the method to the Duflo-Zuker model showing that, despite their simplicity, decision trees are capable of improving the description of nuclear masses using a limited number of free parameters.	347
What are the disadvantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Distributed Decision Trees  Recently proposed budding tree is a decision tree algorithm in which every node is part internal node and part leaf. This allows representing every decision tree in a continuous parameter space, and therefore a budding tree can be jointly trained with backpropagation, like a neural network. Even though this continuity allows it to be used in hierarchical representation learning, the learned representations are local: Activation makes a soft selection among all root-to-leaf paths in a tree. In this work we extend the budding tree and propose the distributed tree where the children use different and independent splits and hence multiple paths in a tree can be traversed at the same time. This ability to combine multiple paths gives the power of a distributed representation, as in a traditional perceptron layer. We show that distributed trees perform comparably or better than budding and traditional hard trees on classification and regression tasks.	Distributed Decision Trees  Recently proposed budding tree is a decision tree algorithm in which every node is part internal node and part leaf. This allows representing every decision tree in a continuous parameter space, and therefore a budding tree can be jointly trained with backpropagation, like a neural network. Even though this continuity allows it to be used in hierarchical representation learning, the learned representations are local: Activation makes a soft selection among all root-to-leaf paths in a tree. In this work we extend the budding tree and propose the distributed tree where the children use different and independent splits and hence multiple paths in a tree can be traversed at the same time. This ability to combine multiple paths gives the power of a distributed representation, as in a traditional perceptron layer. We show that distributed trees perform comparably or better than budding and traditional hard trees on classification and regression tasks.	334
What are the disadvantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Decision Tree Design for Classification in Crowdsourcing Systems  In this paper, we present a novel sequential paradigm for classification in crowdsourcing systems. Considering that workers are unreliable and they perform the tests with errors, we study the construction of decision trees so as to minimize the probability of mis-classification. By exploiting the connection between probability of mis-classification and entropy at each level of the decision tree, we propose two algorithms for decision tree design. Furthermore, the worker assignment problem is studied when workers can be assigned to different tests of the decision tree to provide a trade-off between classification cost and resulting error performance. Numerical results are presented for illustration.	Decision Tree Design for Classification in Crowdsourcing Systems  In this paper, we present a novel sequential paradigm for classification in crowdsourcing systems. Considering that workers are unreliable and they perform the tests with errors, we study the construction of decision trees so as to minimize the probability of mis-classification. By exploiting the connection between probability of mis-classification and entropy at each level of the decision tree, we propose two algorithms for decision tree design. Furthermore, the worker assignment problem is studied when workers can be assigned to different tests of the decision tree to provide a trade-off between classification cost and resulting error performance. Numerical results are presented for illustration.	349
What are the disadvantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Simultaneous Learning of Trees and Representations for Extreme   Classification and Density Estimation  We consider multi-class classification where the predictor has a hierarchical structure that allows for a very large number of labels both at train and test time. The predictive power of such models can heavily depend on the structure of the tree, and although past work showed how to learn the tree structure, it expected that the feature vectors remained static. We provide a novel algorithm to simultaneously perform representation learning for the input data and learning of the hierarchi- cal predictor. Our approach optimizes an objec- tive function which favors balanced and easily- separable multi-way node partitions. We theoret- ically analyze this objective, showing that it gives rise to a boosting style property and a bound on classification error. We next show how to extend the algorithm to conditional density estimation. We empirically validate both variants of the al- gorithm on text classification and language mod- eling, respectively, and show that they compare favorably to common baselines in terms of accu- racy and running time.	Simultaneous Learning of Trees and Representations for Extreme   Classification and Density Estimation  We consider multi-class classification where the predictor has a hierarchical structure that allows for a very large number of labels both at train and test time. The predictive power of such models can heavily depend on the structure of the tree, and although past work showed how to learn the tree structure, it expected that the feature vectors remained static. We provide a novel algorithm to simultaneously perform representation learning for the input data and learning of the hierarchi- cal predictor. Our approach optimizes an objec- tive function which favors balanced and easily- separable multi-way node partitions. We theoret- ically analyze this objective, showing that it gives rise to a boosting style property and a bound on classification error. We next show how to extend the algorithm to conditional density estimation. We empirically validate both variants of the al- gorithm on text classification and language mod- eling, respectively, and show that they compare favorably to common baselines in terms of accu- racy and running time.	348
What are the disadvantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Learning Discriminative Multilevel Structured Dictionaries for   Supervised Image Classification  Sparse representations using overcomplete dictionaries have proved to be a powerful tool in many signal processing applications such as denoising, super-resolution, inpainting, compression or classification. The sparsity of the representation very much depends on how well the dictionary is adapted to the data at hand. In this paper, we propose a method for learning structured multilevel dictionaries with discriminative constraints to make them well suited for the supervised pixelwise classification of images. A multilevel tree-structured discriminative dictionary is learnt for each class, with a learning objective concerning the reconstruction errors of the image patches around the pixels over each class-representative dictionary. After the initial assignment of the class labels to image pixels based on their sparse representations over the learnt dictionaries, the final classification is achieved by smoothing the label image with a graph cut method and an erosion method. Applied to a common set of texture images, our supervised classification method shows competitive results with the state of the art.	Learning Discriminative Multilevel Structured Dictionaries for   Supervised Image Classification  Sparse representations using overcomplete dictionaries have proved to be a powerful tool in many signal processing applications such as denoising, super-resolution, inpainting, compression or classification. The sparsity of the representation very much depends on how well the dictionary is adapted to the data at hand. In this paper, we propose a method for learning structured multilevel dictionaries with discriminative constraints to make them well suited for the supervised pixelwise classification of images. A multilevel tree-structured discriminative dictionary is learnt for each class, with a learning objective concerning the reconstruction errors of the image patches around the pixels over each class-representative dictionary. After the initial assignment of the class labels to image pixels based on their sparse representations over the learnt dictionaries, the final classification is achieved by smoothing the label image with a graph cut method and an erosion method. Applied to a common set of texture images, our supervised classification method shows competitive results with the state of the art.	347
What are the advantages of logistic regression over decision trees?	An Identity for Kernel Ridge Regression  This paper derives an identity connecting the square loss of ridge regression in on-line mode with the loss of the retrospectively best regressor. Some corollaries about the properties of the cumulative loss of on-line ridge regression are also obtained.	An Identity for Kernel Ridge Regression  This paper derives an identity connecting the square loss of ridge regression in on-line mode with the loss of the retrospectively best regressor. Some corollaries about the properties of the cumulative loss of on-line ridge regression are also obtained.	408
What are the advantages of logistic regression over decision trees?	Improving Neural Network Generalization by Combining Parallel Circuits   with Dropout  In an attempt to solve the lengthy training times of neural networks, we proposed Parallel Circuits (PCs), a biologically inspired architecture. Previous work has shown that this approach fails to maintain generalization performance in spite of achieving sharp speed gains. To address this issue, and motivated by the way Dropout prevents node co-adaption, in this paper, we suggest an improvement by extending Dropout to the PC architecture. The paper provides multiple insights into this combination, including a variety of fusion approaches. Experiments show promising results in which improved error rates are achieved in most cases, whilst maintaining the speed advantage of the PC approach.	Improving Neural Network Generalization by Combining Parallel Circuits   with Dropout  In an attempt to solve the lengthy training times of neural networks, we proposed Parallel Circuits (PCs), a biologically inspired architecture. Previous work has shown that this approach fails to maintain generalization performance in spite of achieving sharp speed gains. To address this issue, and motivated by the way Dropout prevents node co-adaption, in this paper, we suggest an improvement by extending Dropout to the PC architecture. The paper provides multiple insights into this combination, including a variety of fusion approaches. Experiments show promising results in which improved error rates are achieved in most cases, whilst maintaining the speed advantage of the PC approach.	409
What are the advantages of logistic regression over decision trees?	Detecting Adversarial Examples and Other Misclassifications in Neural   Networks by Introspection  Despite having excellent performances for a wide variety of tasks, modern neural networks are unable to provide a reliable confidence value allowing to detect misclassifications. This limitation is at the heart of what is known as an adversarial example, where the network provides a wrong prediction associated with a strong confidence to a slightly modified image. Moreover, this overconfidence issue has also been observed for regular errors and out-of-distribution data. We tackle this problem by what we call introspection, i.e. using the information provided by the logits of an already pretrained neural network. We show that by training a simple 3-layers neural network on top of the logit activations, we are able to detect misclassifications at a competitive level.	Detecting Adversarial Examples and Other Misclassifications in Neural   Networks by Introspection  Despite having excellent performances for a wide variety of tasks, modern neural networks are unable to provide a reliable confidence value allowing to detect misclassifications. This limitation is at the heart of what is known as an adversarial example, where the network provides a wrong prediction associated with a strong confidence to a slightly modified image. Moreover, this overconfidence issue has also been observed for regular errors and out-of-distribution data. We tackle this problem by what we call introspection, i.e. using the information provided by the logits of an already pretrained neural network. We show that by training a simple 3-layers neural network on top of the logit activations, we are able to detect misclassifications at a competitive level.	399
What are the advantages of logistic regression over decision trees?	Robust Logistic Regression using Shift Parameters (Long Version)  Annotation errors can significantly hurt classifier performance, yet datasets are only growing noisier with the increased use of Amazon Mechanical Turk and techniques like distant supervision that automatically generate labels. In this paper, we present a robust extension of logistic regression that incorporates the possibility of mislabelling directly into the objective. Our model can be trained through nearly the same means as logistic regression, and retains its efficiency on high-dimensional datasets. Through named entity recognition experiments, we demonstrate that our approach can provide a significant improvement over the standard model when annotation errors are present.	Robust Logistic Regression using Shift Parameters (Long Version)  Annotation errors can significantly hurt classifier performance, yet datasets are only growing noisier with the increased use of Amazon Mechanical Turk and techniques like distant supervision that automatically generate labels. In this paper, we present a robust extension of logistic regression that incorporates the possibility of mislabelling directly into the objective. Our model can be trained through nearly the same means as logistic regression, and retains its efficiency on high-dimensional datasets. Through named entity recognition experiments, we demonstrate that our approach can provide a significant improvement over the standard model when annotation errors are present.	399
What are the advantages of logistic regression over decision trees?	Meta Decision Trees for Explainable Recommendation Systems  We tackle the problem of building explainable recommendation systems that are based on a per-user decision tree, with decision rules that are based on single attribute values. We build the trees by applying learned regression functions to obtain the decision rules as well as the values at the leaf nodes. The regression functions receive as input the embedding of the user's training set, as well as the embedding of the samples that arrive at the current node. The embedding and the regressors are learned end-to-end with a loss that encourages the decision rules to be sparse. By applying our method, we obtain a collaborative filtering solution that provides a direct explanation to every rating it provides. With regards to accuracy, it is competitive with other algorithms. However, as expected, explainability comes at a cost and the accuracy is typically slightly lower than the state of the art result reported in the literature.	Meta Decision Trees for Explainable Recommendation Systems  We tackle the problem of building explainable recommendation systems that are based on a per-user decision tree, with decision rules that are based on single attribute values. We build the trees by applying learned regression functions to obtain the decision rules as well as the values at the leaf nodes. The regression functions receive as input the embedding of the user's training set, as well as the embedding of the samples that arrive at the current node. The embedding and the regressors are learned end-to-end with a loss that encourages the decision rules to be sparse. By applying our method, we obtain a collaborative filtering solution that provides a direct explanation to every rating it provides. With regards to accuracy, it is competitive with other algorithms. However, as expected, explainability comes at a cost and the accuracy is typically slightly lower than the state of the art result reported in the literature.	390
How does randomization in a random forest work?	Randomization as Regularization: A Degrees of Freedom Explanation for   Random Forest Success  Random forests remain among the most popular off-the-shelf supervised machine learning tools with a well-established track record of predictive accuracy in both regression and classification settings. Despite their empirical success as well as a bevy of recent work investigating their statistical properties, a full and satisfying explanation for their success has yet to be put forth. Here we aim to take a step forward in this direction by demonstrating that the additional randomness injected into individual trees serves as a form of implicit regularization, making random forests an ideal model in low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) settings. Specifically, from a model-complexity perspective, we show that the mtry parameter in random forests serves much the same purpose as the shrinkage penalty in explicitly regularized regression procedures like lasso and ridge regression. To highlight this point, we design a randomized linear-model-based forward selection procedure intended as an analogue to tree-based random forests and demonstrate its surprisingly strong empirical performance. Numerous demonstrations on both real and synthetic data are provided.	Randomization as Regularization: A Degrees of Freedom Explanation for   Random Forest Success  Random forests remain among the most popular off-the-shelf supervised machine learning tools with a well-established track record of predictive accuracy in both regression and classification settings. Despite their empirical success as well as a bevy of recent work investigating their statistical properties, a full and satisfying explanation for their success has yet to be put forth. Here we aim to take a step forward in this direction by demonstrating that the additional randomness injected into individual trees serves as a form of implicit regularization, making random forests an ideal model in low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) settings. Specifically, from a model-complexity perspective, we show that the mtry parameter in random forests serves much the same purpose as the shrinkage penalty in explicitly regularized regression procedures like lasso and ridge regression. To highlight this point, we design a randomized linear-model-based forward selection procedure intended as an analogue to tree-based random forests and demonstrate its surprisingly strong empirical performance. Numerous demonstrations on both real and synthetic data are provided.	417
How does randomization in a random forest work?	Banzhaf Random Forests  Random forests are a type of ensemble method which makes predictions by combining the results of several independent trees. However, the theory of random forests has long been outpaced by their application. In this paper, we propose a novel random forests algorithm based on cooperative game theory. Banzhaf power index is employed to evaluate the power of each feature by traversing possible feature coalitions. Unlike the previously used information gain rate of information theory, which simply chooses the most informative feature, the Banzhaf power index can be considered as a metric of the importance of each feature on the dependency among a group of features. More importantly, we have proved the consistency of the proposed algorithm, named Banzhaf random forests (BRF). This theoretical analysis takes a step towards narrowing the gap between the theory and practice of random forests for classification problems. Experiments on several UCI benchmark data sets show that BRF is competitive with state-of-the-art classifiers and dramatically outperforms previous consistent random forests. Particularly, it is much more efficient than previous consistent random forests.	Banzhaf Random Forests  Random forests are a type of ensemble method which makes predictions by combining the results of several independent trees. However, the theory of random forests has long been outpaced by their application. In this paper, we propose a novel random forests algorithm based on cooperative game theory. Banzhaf power index is employed to evaluate the power of each feature by traversing possible feature coalitions. Unlike the previously used information gain rate of information theory, which simply chooses the most informative feature, the Banzhaf power index can be considered as a metric of the importance of each feature on the dependency among a group of features. More importantly, we have proved the consistency of the proposed algorithm, named Banzhaf random forests (BRF). This theoretical analysis takes a step towards narrowing the gap between the theory and practice of random forests for classification problems. Experiments on several UCI benchmark data sets show that BRF is competitive with state-of-the-art classifiers and dramatically outperforms previous consistent random forests. Particularly, it is much more efficient than previous consistent random forests.	423
How does randomization in a random forest work?	Mondrian Forests: Efficient Online Random Forests  Ensembles of randomized decision trees, usually referred to as random forests, are widely used for classification and regression tasks in machine learning and statistics. Random forests achieve competitive predictive performance and are computationally efficient to train and test, making them excellent candidates for real-world prediction tasks. The most popular random forest variants (such as Breiman's random forest and extremely randomized trees) operate on batches of training data. Online methods are now in greater demand. Existing online random forests, however, require more training data than their batch counterpart to achieve comparable predictive performance. In this work, we use Mondrian processes (Roy and Teh, 2009) to construct ensembles of random decision trees we call Mondrian forests. Mondrian forests can be grown in an incremental/online fashion and remarkably, the distribution of online Mondrian forests is the same as that of batch Mondrian forests. Mondrian forests achieve competitive predictive performance comparable with existing online random forests and periodically re-trained batch random forests, while being more than an order of magnitude faster, thus representing a better computation vs accuracy tradeoff.	Mondrian Forests: Efficient Online Random Forests  Ensembles of randomized decision trees, usually referred to as random forests, are widely used for classification and regression tasks in machine learning and statistics. Random forests achieve competitive predictive performance and are computationally efficient to train and test, making them excellent candidates for real-world prediction tasks. The most popular random forest variants (such as Breiman's random forest and extremely randomized trees) operate on batches of training data. Online methods are now in greater demand. Existing online random forests, however, require more training data than their batch counterpart to achieve comparable predictive performance. In this work, we use Mondrian processes (Roy and Teh, 2009) to construct ensembles of random decision trees we call Mondrian forests. Mondrian forests can be grown in an incremental/online fashion and remarkably, the distribution of online Mondrian forests is the same as that of batch Mondrian forests. Mondrian forests achieve competitive predictive performance comparable with existing online random forests and periodically re-trained batch random forests, while being more than an order of magnitude faster, thus representing a better computation vs accuracy tradeoff.	390
How does randomization in a random forest work?	Random Forest for Label Ranking  Label ranking aims to learn a mapping from instances to rankings over a finite number of predefined labels. Random forest is a powerful and one of the most successful general-purpose machine learning algorithms of modern times. In this paper, we present a powerful random forest label ranking method which uses random decision trees to retrieve nearest neighbors. We have developed a novel two-step rank aggregation strategy to effectively aggregate neighboring rankings discovered by the random forest into a final predicted ranking. Compared with existing methods, the new random forest method has many advantages including its intrinsically scalable tree data structure, highly parallel-able computational architecture and much superior performance. We present extensive experimental results to demonstrate that our new method achieves the highly competitive performance compared with state-of-the-art methods for datasets with complete ranking and datasets with only partial ranking information.	Random Forest for Label Ranking  Label ranking aims to learn a mapping from instances to rankings over a finite number of predefined labels. Random forest is a powerful and one of the most successful general-purpose machine learning algorithms of modern times. In this paper, we present a powerful random forest label ranking method which uses random decision trees to retrieve nearest neighbors. We have developed a novel two-step rank aggregation strategy to effectively aggregate neighboring rankings discovered by the random forest into a final predicted ranking. Compared with existing methods, the new random forest method has many advantages including its intrinsically scalable tree data structure, highly parallel-able computational architecture and much superior performance. We present extensive experimental results to demonstrate that our new method achieves the highly competitive performance compared with state-of-the-art methods for datasets with complete ranking and datasets with only partial ranking information.	418
How does randomization in a random forest work?	Random Hinge Forest for Differentiable Learning  We propose random hinge forests, a simple, efficient, and novel variant of decision forests. Importantly, random hinge forests can be readily incorporated as a general component within arbitrary computation graphs that are optimized end-to-end with stochastic gradient descent or variants thereof. We derive random hinge forest and ferns, focusing on their sparse and efficient nature, their min-max margin property, strategies to initialize them for arbitrary network architectures, and the class of optimizers most suitable for optimizing random hinge forest. The performance and versatility of random hinge forests are demonstrated by experiments incorporating a variety of of small and large UCI machine learning data sets and also ones involving the MNIST, Letter, and USPS image datasets. We compare random hinge forests with random forests and the more recent backpropagating deep neural decision forests.	Random Hinge Forest for Differentiable Learning  We propose random hinge forests, a simple, efficient, and novel variant of decision forests. Importantly, random hinge forests can be readily incorporated as a general component within arbitrary computation graphs that are optimized end-to-end with stochastic gradient descent or variants thereof. We derive random hinge forest and ferns, focusing on their sparse and efficient nature, their min-max margin property, strategies to initialize them for arbitrary network architectures, and the class of optimizers most suitable for optimizing random hinge forest. The performance and versatility of random hinge forests are demonstrated by experiments incorporating a variety of of small and large UCI machine learning data sets and also ones involving the MNIST, Letter, and USPS image datasets. We compare random hinge forests with random forests and the more recent backpropagating deep neural decision forests.	420
Which algorithm is better for non linear classification?	Sampling Can Be Faster Than Optimization  Optimization algorithms and Monte Carlo sampling algorithms have provided the computational foundations for the rapid growth in applications of statistical machine learning in recent years. There is, however, limited theoretical understanding of the relationships between these two kinds of methodology, and limited understanding of relative strengths and weaknesses. Moreover, existing results have been obtained primarily in the setting of convex functions (for optimization) and log-concave functions (for sampling). In this setting, where local properties determine global properties, optimization algorithms are unsurprisingly more efficient computationally than sampling algorithms. We instead examine a class of nonconvex objective functions that arise in mixture modeling and multi-stable systems. In this nonconvex setting, we find that the computational complexity of sampling algorithms scales linearly with the model dimension while that of optimization algorithms scales exponentially.	Sampling Can Be Faster Than Optimization  Optimization algorithms and Monte Carlo sampling algorithms have provided the computational foundations for the rapid growth in applications of statistical machine learning in recent years. There is, however, limited theoretical understanding of the relationships between these two kinds of methodology, and limited understanding of relative strengths and weaknesses. Moreover, existing results have been obtained primarily in the setting of convex functions (for optimization) and log-concave functions (for sampling). In this setting, where local properties determine global properties, optimization algorithms are unsurprisingly more efficient computationally than sampling algorithms. We instead examine a class of nonconvex objective functions that arise in mixture modeling and multi-stable systems. In this nonconvex setting, we find that the computational complexity of sampling algorithms scales linearly with the model dimension while that of optimization algorithms scales exponentially.	344
Which algorithm is better for non linear classification?	A Nonlinear Adaptive Filter Based on the Model of Simple Multilinear   Functionals  Nonlinear adaptive filtering allows for modeling of some additional aspects of a general system and usually relies on highly complex algorithms, such as those based on the Volterra series. Through the use of the Kronecker product and some basic facts of tensor algebra, we propose a simple model of nonlinearity, one that can be interpreted as a product of the outputs of K FIR linear filters, and compute its cost function together with its gradient, which allows for some analysis of the optimization problem. We use these results it in a stochastic gradient framework, from which we derive an LMS-like algorithm and investigate the problems of multi-modality in the mean-square error surface and the choice of adequate initial conditions. Its computational complexity is calculated. The new algorithm is tested in a system identification setup and is compared with other polynomial algorithms from the literature, presenting favorable convergence and/or computational complexity.	A Nonlinear Adaptive Filter Based on the Model of Simple Multilinear   Functionals  Nonlinear adaptive filtering allows for modeling of some additional aspects of a general system and usually relies on highly complex algorithms, such as those based on the Volterra series. Through the use of the Kronecker product and some basic facts of tensor algebra, we propose a simple model of nonlinearity, one that can be interpreted as a product of the outputs of K FIR linear filters, and compute its cost function together with its gradient, which allows for some analysis of the optimization problem. We use these results it in a stochastic gradient framework, from which we derive an LMS-like algorithm and investigate the problems of multi-modality in the mean-square error surface and the choice of adequate initial conditions. Its computational complexity is calculated. The new algorithm is tested in a system identification setup and is compared with other polynomial algorithms from the literature, presenting favorable convergence and/or computational complexity.	342
Which algorithm is better for non linear classification?	An Evaluation of Classification and Outlier Detection Algorithms  This paper evaluates algorithms for classification and outlier detection accuracies in temporal data. We focus on algorithms that train and classify rapidly and can be used for systems that need to incorporate new data regularly. Hence, we compare the accuracy of six fast algorithms using a range of well-known time-series datasets. The analyses demonstrate that the choice of algorithm is task and data specific but that we can derive heuristics for choosing. Gradient Boosting Machines are generally best for classification but there is no single winner for outlier detection though Gradient Boosting Machines (again) and Random Forest are better. Hence, we recommend running evaluations of a number of algorithms using our heuristics.	An Evaluation of Classification and Outlier Detection Algorithms  This paper evaluates algorithms for classification and outlier detection accuracies in temporal data. We focus on algorithms that train and classify rapidly and can be used for systems that need to incorporate new data regularly. Hence, we compare the accuracy of six fast algorithms using a range of well-known time-series datasets. The analyses demonstrate that the choice of algorithm is task and data specific but that we can derive heuristics for choosing. Gradient Boosting Machines are generally best for classification but there is no single winner for outlier detection though Gradient Boosting Machines (again) and Random Forest are better. Hence, we recommend running evaluations of a number of algorithms using our heuristics.	339
Which algorithm is better for non linear classification?	Nonlinear Regression without i.i.d. Assumption  In this paper, we consider a class of nonlinear regression problems without the assumption of being independent and identically distributed. We propose a correspondent mini-max problem for nonlinear regression and give a numerical algorithm. Such an algorithm can be applied in regression and machine learning problems, and yield better results than traditional least square and machine learning methods.	Nonlinear Regression without i.i.d. Assumption  In this paper, we consider a class of nonlinear regression problems without the assumption of being independent and identically distributed. We propose a correspondent mini-max problem for nonlinear regression and give a numerical algorithm. Such an algorithm can be applied in regression and machine learning problems, and yield better results than traditional least square and machine learning methods.	306
Which algorithm is better for non linear classification?	A Non-Intrusive Correction Algorithm for Classification Problems with   Corrupted Data  A novel correction algorithm is proposed for multi-class classification problems with corrupted training data. The algorithm is non-intrusive, in the sense that it post-processes a trained classification model by adding a correction procedure to the model prediction. The correction procedure can be coupled with any approximators, such as logistic regression, neural networks of various architectures, etc. When training dataset is sufficiently large, we prove that the corrected models deliver correct classification results as if there is no corruption in the training data. For datasets of finite size, the corrected models produce significantly better recovery results, compared to the models without the correction algorithm. All of the theoretical findings in the paper are verified by our numerical examples.	A Non-Intrusive Correction Algorithm for Classification Problems with   Corrupted Data  A novel correction algorithm is proposed for multi-class classification problems with corrupted training data. The algorithm is non-intrusive, in the sense that it post-processes a trained classification model by adding a correction procedure to the model prediction. The correction procedure can be coupled with any approximators, such as logistic regression, neural networks of various architectures, etc. When training dataset is sufficiently large, we prove that the corrected models deliver correct classification results as if there is no corruption in the training data. For datasets of finite size, the corrected models produce significantly better recovery results, compared to the models without the correction algorithm. All of the theoretical findings in the paper are verified by our numerical examples.	357
What is the difference between Linear SVMs and Logistic Regression?	TrIK-SVM : an alternative decomposition for kernel methods in Krein   spaces  The proposed work aims at proposing a alternative kernel decomposition in the context of kernel machines with indefinite kernels. The original paper of KSVM (SVM in Kre\v{i}n spaces) uses the eigen-decomposition, our proposition avoids this decompostion. We explain how it can help in designing an algorithm that won't require to compute the full kernel matrix. Finally we illustrate the good behavior of the proposed method compared to KSVM.	TrIK-SVM : an alternative decomposition for kernel methods in Krein   spaces  The proposed work aims at proposing a alternative kernel decomposition in the context of kernel machines with indefinite kernels. The original paper of KSVM (SVM in Kre\v{i}n spaces) uses the eigen-decomposition, our proposition avoids this decompostion. We explain how it can help in designing an algorithm that won't require to compute the full kernel matrix. Finally we illustrate the good behavior of the proposed method compared to KSVM.	374
What is the difference between Linear SVMs and Logistic Regression?	Practical Selection of SVM Supervised Parameters with Different Feature   Representations for Vowel Recognition  It is known that the classification performance of Support Vector Machine (SVM) can be conveniently affected by the different parameters of the kernel tricks and the regularization parameter, C. Thus, in this article, we propose a study in order to find the suitable kernel with which SVM may achieve good generalization performance as well as the parameters to use. We need to analyze the behavior of the SVM classifier when these parameters take very small or very large values. The study is conducted for a multi-class vowel recognition using the TIMIT corpus. Furthermore, for the experiments, we used different feature representations such as MFCC and PLP. Finally, a comparative study was done to point out the impact of the choice of the parameters, kernel trick and feature representations on the performance of the SVM classifier	Practical Selection of SVM Supervised Parameters with Different Feature   Representations for Vowel Recognition  It is known that the classification performance of Support Vector Machine (SVM) can be conveniently affected by the different parameters of the kernel tricks and the regularization parameter, C. Thus, in this article, we propose a study in order to find the suitable kernel with which SVM may achieve good generalization performance as well as the parameters to use. We need to analyze the behavior of the SVM classifier when these parameters take very small or very large values. The study is conducted for a multi-class vowel recognition using the TIMIT corpus. Furthermore, for the experiments, we used different feature representations such as MFCC and PLP. Finally, a comparative study was done to point out the impact of the choice of the parameters, kernel trick and feature representations on the performance of the SVM classifier	364
What is the difference between Linear SVMs and Logistic Regression?	Breast Cancer Diagnosis via Classification Algorithms  In this paper, we analyze the Wisconsin Diagnostic Breast Cancer Data using Machine Learning classification techniques, such as the SVM, Bayesian Logistic Regression (Variational Approximation), and K-Nearest-Neighbors. We describe each model, and compare their performance through different measures. We conclude that SVM has the best performance among all other classifiers, while it competes closely with the Bayesian Logistic Regression that is ranked second best method for this dataset.	Breast Cancer Diagnosis via Classification Algorithms  In this paper, we analyze the Wisconsin Diagnostic Breast Cancer Data using Machine Learning classification techniques, such as the SVM, Bayesian Logistic Regression (Variational Approximation), and K-Nearest-Neighbors. We describe each model, and compare their performance through different measures. We conclude that SVM has the best performance among all other classifiers, while it competes closely with the Bayesian Logistic Regression that is ranked second best method for this dataset.	362
What is the difference between Linear SVMs and Logistic Regression?	Accelerated Proximal Stochastic Dual Coordinate Ascent for Regularized   Loss Minimization  We introduce a proximal version of the stochastic dual coordinate ascent method and show how to accelerate the method using an inner-outer iteration procedure. We analyze the runtime of the framework and obtain rates that improve state-of-the-art results for various key machine learning optimization problems including SVM, logistic regression, ridge regression, Lasso, and multiclass SVM. Experiments validate our theoretical findings.	Accelerated Proximal Stochastic Dual Coordinate Ascent for Regularized   Loss Minimization  We introduce a proximal version of the stochastic dual coordinate ascent method and show how to accelerate the method using an inner-outer iteration procedure. We analyze the runtime of the framework and obtain rates that improve state-of-the-art results for various key machine learning optimization problems including SVM, logistic regression, ridge regression, Lasso, and multiclass SVM. Experiments validate our theoretical findings.	375
What is the difference between Linear SVMs and Logistic Regression?	Regularization approaches for support vector machines with applications   to biomedical data  The support vector machine (SVM) is a widely used machine learning tool for classification based on statistical learning theory. Given a set of training data, the SVM finds a hyperplane that separates two different classes of data points by the largest distance. While the standard form of SVM uses L2-norm regularization, other regularization approaches are particularly attractive for biomedical datasets where, for example, sparsity and interpretability of the classifier's coefficient values are highly desired features. Therefore, in this paper we consider different types of regularization approaches for SVMs, and explore them in both synthetic and real biomedical datasets.	Regularization approaches for support vector machines with applications   to biomedical data  The support vector machine (SVM) is a widely used machine learning tool for classification based on statistical learning theory. Given a set of training data, the SVM finds a hyperplane that separates two different classes of data points by the largest distance. While the standard form of SVM uses L2-norm regularization, other regularization approaches are particularly attractive for biomedical datasets where, for example, sparsity and interpretability of the classifier's coefficient values are highly desired features. Therefore, in this paper we consider different types of regularization approaches for SVMs, and explore them in both synthetic and real biomedical datasets.	372
How can l apply an SVM for categorical data?	Distributed Mini-Batch SDCA  We present an improved analysis of mini-batched stochastic dual coordinate ascent for regularized empirical loss minimization (i.e. SVM and SVM-type objectives). Our analysis allows for flexible sampling schemes, including where data is distribute across machines, and combines a dependence on the smoothness of the loss and/or the data spread (measured through the spectral norm).	Distributed Mini-Batch SDCA  We present an improved analysis of mini-batched stochastic dual coordinate ascent for regularized empirical loss minimization (i.e. SVM and SVM-type objectives). Our analysis allows for flexible sampling schemes, including where data is distribute across machines, and combines a dependence on the smoothness of the loss and/or the data spread (measured through the spectral norm).	458
How can l apply an SVM for categorical data?	A Support Tensor Train Machine  There has been growing interest in extending traditional vector-based machine learning techniques to their tensor forms. An example is the support tensor machine (STM) that utilizes a rank-one tensor to capture the data structure, thereby alleviating the overfitting and curse of dimensionality problems in the conventional support vector machine (SVM). However, the expressive power of a rank-one tensor is restrictive for many real-world data. To overcome this limitation, we introduce a support tensor train machine (STTM) by replacing the rank-one tensor in an STM with a tensor train. Experiments validate and confirm the superiority of an STTM over the SVM and STM.	A Support Tensor Train Machine  There has been growing interest in extending traditional vector-based machine learning techniques to their tensor forms. An example is the support tensor machine (STM) that utilizes a rank-one tensor to capture the data structure, thereby alleviating the overfitting and curse of dimensionality problems in the conventional support vector machine (SVM). However, the expressive power of a rank-one tensor is restrictive for many real-world data. To overcome this limitation, we introduce a support tensor train machine (STTM) by replacing the rank-one tensor in an STM with a tensor train. Experiments validate and confirm the superiority of an STTM over the SVM and STM.	429
How can l apply an SVM for categorical data?	Practical Selection of SVM Supervised Parameters with Different Feature   Representations for Vowel Recognition  It is known that the classification performance of Support Vector Machine (SVM) can be conveniently affected by the different parameters of the kernel tricks and the regularization parameter, C. Thus, in this article, we propose a study in order to find the suitable kernel with which SVM may achieve good generalization performance as well as the parameters to use. We need to analyze the behavior of the SVM classifier when these parameters take very small or very large values. The study is conducted for a multi-class vowel recognition using the TIMIT corpus. Furthermore, for the experiments, we used different feature representations such as MFCC and PLP. Finally, a comparative study was done to point out the impact of the choice of the parameters, kernel trick and feature representations on the performance of the SVM classifier	Practical Selection of SVM Supervised Parameters with Different Feature   Representations for Vowel Recognition  It is known that the classification performance of Support Vector Machine (SVM) can be conveniently affected by the different parameters of the kernel tricks and the regularization parameter, C. Thus, in this article, we propose a study in order to find the suitable kernel with which SVM may achieve good generalization performance as well as the parameters to use. We need to analyze the behavior of the SVM classifier when these parameters take very small or very large values. The study is conducted for a multi-class vowel recognition using the TIMIT corpus. Furthermore, for the experiments, we used different feature representations such as MFCC and PLP. Finally, a comparative study was done to point out the impact of the choice of the parameters, kernel trick and feature representations on the performance of the SVM classifier	427
How can l apply an SVM for categorical data?	Breast Cancer Diagnosis via Classification Algorithms  In this paper, we analyze the Wisconsin Diagnostic Breast Cancer Data using Machine Learning classification techniques, such as the SVM, Bayesian Logistic Regression (Variational Approximation), and K-Nearest-Neighbors. We describe each model, and compare their performance through different measures. We conclude that SVM has the best performance among all other classifiers, while it competes closely with the Bayesian Logistic Regression that is ranked second best method for this dataset.	Breast Cancer Diagnosis via Classification Algorithms  In this paper, we analyze the Wisconsin Diagnostic Breast Cancer Data using Machine Learning classification techniques, such as the SVM, Bayesian Logistic Regression (Variational Approximation), and K-Nearest-Neighbors. We describe each model, and compare their performance through different measures. We conclude that SVM has the best performance among all other classifiers, while it competes closely with the Bayesian Logistic Regression that is ranked second best method for this dataset.	455
How can l apply an SVM for categorical data?	Regularization approaches for support vector machines with applications   to biomedical data  The support vector machine (SVM) is a widely used machine learning tool for classification based on statistical learning theory. Given a set of training data, the SVM finds a hyperplane that separates two different classes of data points by the largest distance. While the standard form of SVM uses L2-norm regularization, other regularization approaches are particularly attractive for biomedical datasets where, for example, sparsity and interpretability of the classifier's coefficient values are highly desired features. Therefore, in this paper we consider different types of regularization approaches for SVMs, and explore them in both synthetic and real biomedical datasets.	Regularization approaches for support vector machines with applications   to biomedical data  The support vector machine (SVM) is a widely used machine learning tool for classification based on statistical learning theory. Given a set of training data, the SVM finds a hyperplane that separates two different classes of data points by the largest distance. While the standard form of SVM uses L2-norm regularization, other regularization approaches are particularly attractive for biomedical datasets where, for example, sparsity and interpretability of the classifier's coefficient values are highly desired features. Therefore, in this paper we consider different types of regularization approaches for SVMs, and explore them in both synthetic and real biomedical datasets.	441
How do I select SVM kernels?	Support Vector Machine Model for Currency Crisis Discrimination  Support Vector Machine (SVM) is powerful classification technique based on the idea of structural risk minimization. Use of kernel function enables curse of dimensionality to be addressed. However, proper kernel function for certain problem is dependent on specific dataset and as such there is no good method on choice of kernel function. In this paper, SVM is used to build empirical models of currency crisis in Argentina. An estimation technique is developed by training model on real life data set which provides reasonably accurate model outputs and helps policy makers to identify situations in which currency crisis may happen. The third and fourth order polynomial kernel is generally best choice to achieve high generalization of classifier performance. SVM has high level of maturity with algorithms that are simple, easy to implement, tolerates curse of dimensionality and good empirical performance. The satisfactory results show that currency crisis situation is properly emulated using only small fraction of database and could be used as an evaluation tool as well as an early warning system. To the best of knowledge this is the first work on SVM approach for currency crisis evaluation of Argentina.	Support Vector Machine Model for Currency Crisis Discrimination  Support Vector Machine (SVM) is powerful classification technique based on the idea of structural risk minimization. Use of kernel function enables curse of dimensionality to be addressed. However, proper kernel function for certain problem is dependent on specific dataset and as such there is no good method on choice of kernel function. In this paper, SVM is used to build empirical models of currency crisis in Argentina. An estimation technique is developed by training model on real life data set which provides reasonably accurate model outputs and helps policy makers to identify situations in which currency crisis may happen. The third and fourth order polynomial kernel is generally best choice to achieve high generalization of classifier performance. SVM has high level of maturity with algorithms that are simple, easy to implement, tolerates curse of dimensionality and good empirical performance. The satisfactory results show that currency crisis situation is properly emulated using only small fraction of database and could be used as an evaluation tool as well as an early warning system. To the best of knowledge this is the first work on SVM approach for currency crisis evaluation of Argentina.	506
How do I select SVM kernels?	Random Binary Mappings for Kernel Learning and Efficient SVM  Support Vector Machines (SVMs) are powerful learners that have led to state-of-the-art results in various computer vision problems. SVMs suffer from various drawbacks in terms of selecting the right kernel, which depends on the image descriptors, as well as computational and memory efficiency. This paper introduces a novel kernel, which serves such issues well. The kernel is learned by exploiting a large amount of low-complex, randomized binary mappings of the input feature. This leads to an efficient SVM, while also alleviating the task of kernel selection. We demonstrate the capabilities of our kernel on 6 standard vision benchmarks, in which we combine several common image descriptors, namely histograms (Flowers17 and Daimler), attribute-like descriptors (UCI, OSR, and a-VOC08), and Sparse Quantization (ImageNet). Results show that our kernel learning adapts well to the different descriptors types, achieving the performance of the kernels specifically tuned for each image descriptor, and with similar evaluation cost as efficient SVM methods.	Random Binary Mappings for Kernel Learning and Efficient SVM  Support Vector Machines (SVMs) are powerful learners that have led to state-of-the-art results in various computer vision problems. SVMs suffer from various drawbacks in terms of selecting the right kernel, which depends on the image descriptors, as well as computational and memory efficiency. This paper introduces a novel kernel, which serves such issues well. The kernel is learned by exploiting a large amount of low-complex, randomized binary mappings of the input feature. This leads to an efficient SVM, while also alleviating the task of kernel selection. We demonstrate the capabilities of our kernel on 6 standard vision benchmarks, in which we combine several common image descriptors, namely histograms (Flowers17 and Daimler), attribute-like descriptors (UCI, OSR, and a-VOC08), and Sparse Quantization (ImageNet). Results show that our kernel learning adapts well to the different descriptors types, achieving the performance of the kernels specifically tuned for each image descriptor, and with similar evaluation cost as efficient SVM methods.	510
How do I select SVM kernels?	TrIK-SVM : an alternative decomposition for kernel methods in Krein   spaces  The proposed work aims at proposing a alternative kernel decomposition in the context of kernel machines with indefinite kernels. The original paper of KSVM (SVM in Kre\v{i}n spaces) uses the eigen-decomposition, our proposition avoids this decompostion. We explain how it can help in designing an algorithm that won't require to compute the full kernel matrix. Finally we illustrate the good behavior of the proposed method compared to KSVM.	TrIK-SVM : an alternative decomposition for kernel methods in Krein   spaces  The proposed work aims at proposing a alternative kernel decomposition in the context of kernel machines with indefinite kernels. The original paper of KSVM (SVM in Kre\v{i}n spaces) uses the eigen-decomposition, our proposition avoids this decompostion. We explain how it can help in designing an algorithm that won't require to compute the full kernel matrix. Finally we illustrate the good behavior of the proposed method compared to KSVM.	395
How do I select SVM kernels?	Practical Selection of SVM Supervised Parameters with Different Feature   Representations for Vowel Recognition  It is known that the classification performance of Support Vector Machine (SVM) can be conveniently affected by the different parameters of the kernel tricks and the regularization parameter, C. Thus, in this article, we propose a study in order to find the suitable kernel with which SVM may achieve good generalization performance as well as the parameters to use. We need to analyze the behavior of the SVM classifier when these parameters take very small or very large values. The study is conducted for a multi-class vowel recognition using the TIMIT corpus. Furthermore, for the experiments, we used different feature representations such as MFCC and PLP. Finally, a comparative study was done to point out the impact of the choice of the parameters, kernel trick and feature representations on the performance of the SVM classifier	Practical Selection of SVM Supervised Parameters with Different Feature   Representations for Vowel Recognition  It is known that the classification performance of Support Vector Machine (SVM) can be conveniently affected by the different parameters of the kernel tricks and the regularization parameter, C. Thus, in this article, we propose a study in order to find the suitable kernel with which SVM may achieve good generalization performance as well as the parameters to use. We need to analyze the behavior of the SVM classifier when these parameters take very small or very large values. The study is conducted for a multi-class vowel recognition using the TIMIT corpus. Furthermore, for the experiments, we used different feature representations such as MFCC and PLP. Finally, a comparative study was done to point out the impact of the choice of the parameters, kernel trick and feature representations on the performance of the SVM classifier	477
How do I select SVM kernels?	The Kernelized Stochastic Batch Perceptron  We present a novel approach for training kernel Support Vector Machines, establish learning runtime guarantees for our method that are better then those of any other known kernelized SVM optimization approach, and show that our method works well in practice compared to existing alternatives.	The Kernelized Stochastic Batch Perceptron  We present a novel approach for training kernel Support Vector Machines, establish learning runtime guarantees for our method that are better then those of any other known kernelized SVM optimization approach, and show that our method works well in practice compared to existing alternatives.	492
How is root mean square error (RMSE) and classification related?	Chi-Square Test Neural Network: A New Binary Classifier based on   Backpropagation Neural Network  We introduce the chi-square test neural network: a single hidden layer backpropagation neural network using chi-square test theorem to redefine the cost function and the error function. The weights and thresholds are modified using standard backpropagation algorithm. The proposed approach has the advantage of making consistent data distribution over training and testing sets. It can be used for binary classification. The experimental results on real world data sets indicate that the proposed algorithm can significantly improve the classification accuracy comparing to related approaches.	Chi-Square Test Neural Network: A New Binary Classifier based on   Backpropagation Neural Network  We introduce the chi-square test neural network: a single hidden layer backpropagation neural network using chi-square test theorem to redefine the cost function and the error function. The weights and thresholds are modified using standard backpropagation algorithm. The proposed approach has the advantage of making consistent data distribution over training and testing sets. It can be used for binary classification. The experimental results on real world data sets indicate that the proposed algorithm can significantly improve the classification accuracy comparing to related approaches.	378
How is root mean square error (RMSE) and classification related?	Correlated bandits or: How to minimize mean-squared error online  While the objective in traditional multi-armed bandit problems is to find the arm with the highest mean, in many settings, finding an arm that best captures information about other arms is of interest. This objective, however, requires learning the underlying correlation structure and not just the means of the arms. Sensors placement for industrial surveillance and cellular network monitoring are a few applications, where the underlying correlation structure plays an important role. Motivated by such applications, we formulate the correlated bandit problem, where the objective is to find the arm with the lowest mean-squared error (MSE) in estimating all the arms. To this end, we derive first an MSE estimator, based on sample variances and covariances, and show that our estimator exponentially concentrates around the true MSE. Under a best-arm identification framework, we propose a successive rejects type algorithm and provide bounds on the probability of error in identifying the best arm. Using minmax theory, we also derive fundamental performance limits for the correlated bandit problem.	Correlated bandits or: How to minimize mean-squared error online  While the objective in traditional multi-armed bandit problems is to find the arm with the highest mean, in many settings, finding an arm that best captures information about other arms is of interest. This objective, however, requires learning the underlying correlation structure and not just the means of the arms. Sensors placement for industrial surveillance and cellular network monitoring are a few applications, where the underlying correlation structure plays an important role. Motivated by such applications, we formulate the correlated bandit problem, where the objective is to find the arm with the lowest mean-squared error (MSE) in estimating all the arms. To this end, we derive first an MSE estimator, based on sample variances and covariances, and show that our estimator exponentially concentrates around the true MSE. Under a best-arm identification framework, we propose a successive rejects type algorithm and provide bounds on the probability of error in identifying the best arm. Using minmax theory, we also derive fundamental performance limits for the correlated bandit problem.	378
How is root mean square error (RMSE) and classification related?	Learning to classify with possible sensor failures  In this paper, we propose a general framework to learn a robust large-margin binary classifier when corrupt measurements, called anomalies, caused by sensor failure might be present in the training set. The goal is to minimize the generalization error of the classifier on non-corrupted measurements while controlling the false alarm rate associated with anomalous samples. By incorporating a non-parametric regularizer based on an empirical entropy estimator, we propose a Geometric-Entropy-Minimization regularized Maximum Entropy Discrimination (GEM-MED) method to learn to classify and detect anomalies in a joint manner. We demonstrate using simulated data and a real multimodal data set. Our GEM-MED method can yield improved performance over previous robust classification methods in terms of both classification accuracy and anomaly detection rate.	Learning to classify with possible sensor failures  In this paper, we propose a general framework to learn a robust large-margin binary classifier when corrupt measurements, called anomalies, caused by sensor failure might be present in the training set. The goal is to minimize the generalization error of the classifier on non-corrupted measurements while controlling the false alarm rate associated with anomalous samples. By incorporating a non-parametric regularizer based on an empirical entropy estimator, we propose a Geometric-Entropy-Minimization regularized Maximum Entropy Discrimination (GEM-MED) method to learn to classify and detect anomalies in a joint manner. We demonstrate using simulated data and a real multimodal data set. Our GEM-MED method can yield improved performance over previous robust classification methods in terms of both classification accuracy and anomaly detection rate.	392
How is root mean square error (RMSE) and classification related?	Class Mean Vectors, Self Monitoring and Self Learning for Neural   Classifiers  In this paper we explore the role of sample mean in building a neural network for classification. This role is surprisingly extensive and includes: direct computation of weights without training, performance monitoring for samples without known classification, and self-training for unlabeled data. Experimental computation on a CIFAR-10 data set provides promising empirical evidence on the efficacy of a simple and widely applicable approach to some difficult problems.	Class Mean Vectors, Self Monitoring and Self Learning for Neural   Classifiers  In this paper we explore the role of sample mean in building a neural network for classification. This role is surprisingly extensive and includes: direct computation of weights without training, performance monitoring for samples without known classification, and self-training for unlabeled data. Experimental computation on a CIFAR-10 data set provides promising empirical evidence on the efficacy of a simple and widely applicable approach to some difficult problems.	393
How is root mean square error (RMSE) and classification related?	The Marginal Value of Adaptive Gradient Methods in Machine Learning  Adaptive optimization methods, which perform local optimization with a metric constructed from the history of iterates, are becoming increasingly popular for training deep neural networks. Examples include AdaGrad, RMSProp, and Adam. We show that for simple overparameterized problems, adaptive methods often find drastically different solutions than gradient descent (GD) or stochastic gradient descent (SGD). We construct an illustrative binary classification problem where the data is linearly separable, GD and SGD achieve zero test error, and AdaGrad, Adam, and RMSProp attain test errors arbitrarily close to half. We additionally study the empirical generalization capability of adaptive methods on several state-of-the-art deep learning models. We observe that the solutions found by adaptive methods generalize worse (often significantly worse) than SGD, even when these solutions have better training performance. These results suggest that practitioners should reconsider the use of adaptive methods to train neural networks.	The Marginal Value of Adaptive Gradient Methods in Machine Learning  Adaptive optimization methods, which perform local optimization with a metric constructed from the history of iterates, are becoming increasingly popular for training deep neural networks. Examples include AdaGrad, RMSProp, and Adam. We show that for simple overparameterized problems, adaptive methods often find drastically different solutions than gradient descent (GD) or stochastic gradient descent (SGD). We construct an illustrative binary classification problem where the data is linearly separable, GD and SGD achieve zero test error, and AdaGrad, Adam, and RMSProp attain test errors arbitrarily close to half. We additionally study the empirical generalization capability of adaptive methods on several state-of-the-art deep learning models. We observe that the solutions found by adaptive methods generalize worse (often significantly worse) than SGD, even when these solutions have better training performance. These results suggest that practitioners should reconsider the use of adaptive methods to train neural networks.	392
Why is naive Bayes naive?	Naive Bayes with Correlation Factor for Text Classification Problem  Naive Bayes estimator is widely used in text classification problems. However, it doesn't perform well with small-size training dataset. We propose a new method based on Naive Bayes estimator to solve this problem. A correlation factor is introduced to incorporate the correlation among different classes. Experimental results show that our estimator achieves a better accuracy compared with traditional Naive Bayes in real world data.	Naive Bayes with Correlation Factor for Text Classification Problem  Naive Bayes estimator is widely used in text classification problems. However, it doesn't perform well with small-size training dataset. We propose a new method based on Naive Bayes estimator to solve this problem. A correlation factor is introduced to incorporate the correlation among different classes. Experimental results show that our estimator achieves a better accuracy compared with traditional Naive Bayes in real world data.	534
Why is naive Bayes naive?	Naive Bayes and Text Classification I - Introduction and Theory  Naive Bayes classifiers, a family of classifiers that are based on the popular Bayes' probability theorem, are known for creating simple yet well performing models, especially in the fields of document classification and disease prediction. In this article, we will look at the main concepts of naive Bayes classification in the context of document categorization.	Naive Bayes and Text Classification I - Introduction and Theory  Naive Bayes classifiers, a family of classifiers that are based on the popular Bayes' probability theorem, are known for creating simple yet well performing models, especially in the fields of document classification and disease prediction. In this article, we will look at the main concepts of naive Bayes classification in the context of document categorization.	496
Why is naive Bayes naive?	Adversarial Phenomenon in the Eyes of Bayesian Deep Learning  Deep Learning models are vulnerable to adversarial examples, i.e.\ images obtained via deliberate imperceptible perturbations, such that the model misclassifies them with high confidence. However, class confidence by itself is an incomplete picture of uncertainty. We therefore use principled Bayesian methods to capture model uncertainty in prediction for observing adversarial misclassification. We provide an extensive study with different Bayesian neural networks attacked in both white-box and black-box setups. The behaviour of the networks for noise, attacks and clean test data is compared. We observe that Bayesian neural networks are uncertain in their predictions for adversarial perturbations, a behaviour similar to the one observed for random Gaussian perturbations. Thus, we conclude that Bayesian neural networks can be considered for detecting adversarial examples.	Adversarial Phenomenon in the Eyes of Bayesian Deep Learning  Deep Learning models are vulnerable to adversarial examples, i.e.\ images obtained via deliberate imperceptible perturbations, such that the model misclassifies them with high confidence. However, class confidence by itself is an incomplete picture of uncertainty. We therefore use principled Bayesian methods to capture model uncertainty in prediction for observing adversarial misclassification. We provide an extensive study with different Bayesian neural networks attacked in both white-box and black-box setups. The behaviour of the networks for noise, attacks and clean test data is compared. We observe that Bayesian neural networks are uncertain in their predictions for adversarial perturbations, a behaviour similar to the one observed for random Gaussian perturbations. Thus, we conclude that Bayesian neural networks can be considered for detecting adversarial examples.	528
Why is naive Bayes naive?	Bayes and Naive Bayes Classifier  The Bayesian Classification represents a supervised learning method as well as a statistical method for classification. Assumes an underlying probabilistic model and it allows us to capture uncertainty about the model in a principled way by determining probabilities of the outcomes. This Classification is named after Thomas Bayes (1702-1761), who proposed the Bayes Theorem. Bayesian classification provides practical learning algorithms and prior knowledge and observed data can be combined. Bayesian Classification provides a useful perspective for understanding and evaluating many learning algorithms. It calculates explicit probabilities for hypothesis and it is robust to noise in input data. In statistical classification the Bayes classifier minimises the probability of misclassification. That was a visual intuition for a simple case of the Bayes classifier, also called: 1)Idiot Bayes 2)Naive Bayes 3)Simple Bayes	Bayes and Naive Bayes Classifier  The Bayesian Classification represents a supervised learning method as well as a statistical method for classification. Assumes an underlying probabilistic model and it allows us to capture uncertainty about the model in a principled way by determining probabilities of the outcomes. This Classification is named after Thomas Bayes (1702-1761), who proposed the Bayes Theorem. Bayesian classification provides practical learning algorithms and prior knowledge and observed data can be combined. Bayesian Classification provides a useful perspective for understanding and evaluating many learning algorithms. It calculates explicit probabilities for hypothesis and it is robust to noise in input data. In statistical classification the Bayes classifier minimises the probability of misclassification. That was a visual intuition for a simple case of the Bayes classifier, also called: 1)Idiot Bayes 2)Naive Bayes 3)Simple Bayes	509
Why is naive Bayes naive?	Locally Weighted Naive Bayes  Despite its simplicity, the naive Bayes classifier has surprised machine learning researchers by exhibiting good performance on a variety of learning problems. Encouraged by these results, researchers have looked to overcome naive Bayes primary weakness - attribute independence - and improve the performance of the algorithm. This paper presents a locally weighted version of naive Bayes that relaxes the independence assumption by learning local models at prediction time. Experimental results show that locally weighted naive Bayes rarely degrades accuracy compared to standard naive Bayes and, in many cases, improves accuracy dramatically. The main advantage of this method compared to other techniques for enhancing naive Bayes is its conceptual and computational simplicity.	Locally Weighted Naive Bayes  Despite its simplicity, the naive Bayes classifier has surprised machine learning researchers by exhibiting good performance on a variety of learning problems. Encouraged by these results, researchers have looked to overcome naive Bayes primary weakness - attribute independence - and improve the performance of the algorithm. This paper presents a locally weighted version of naive Bayes that relaxes the independence assumption by learning local models at prediction time. Experimental results show that locally weighted naive Bayes rarely degrades accuracy compared to standard naive Bayes and, in many cases, improves accuracy dramatically. The main advantage of this method compared to other techniques for enhancing naive Bayes is its conceptual and computational simplicity.	531
How would linear regression be described and explained in laymans terms?	IMMIGRATE: A Margin-based Feature Selection Method with Interaction   Terms  Relief based algorithms have often been claimed to uncover feature interactions. However, it is still unclear whether and how interaction terms will be differentiated from marginal effects. In this paper, we propose IMMIGRATE algorithm by including and training weights for interaction terms. Besides applying the large margin principle, we focus on the robustness of the contributors of margin and consider local and global information simultaneously. Moreover, IMMIGRATE has been shown to enjoy attractive properties, such as robustness and combination with Boosting. We evaluate our proposed method on several tasks, which achieves state-of-the-art results significantly.	IMMIGRATE: A Margin-based Feature Selection Method with Interaction   Terms  Relief based algorithms have often been claimed to uncover feature interactions. However, it is still unclear whether and how interaction terms will be differentiated from marginal effects. In this paper, we propose IMMIGRATE algorithm by including and training weights for interaction terms. Besides applying the large margin principle, we focus on the robustness of the contributors of margin and consider local and global information simultaneously. Moreover, IMMIGRATE has been shown to enjoy attractive properties, such as robustness and combination with Boosting. We evaluate our proposed method on several tasks, which achieves state-of-the-art results significantly.	298
How would linear regression be described and explained in laymans terms?	Efficient Constrained Regret Minimization  Online learning constitutes a mathematical and compelling framework to analyze sequential decision making problems in adversarial environments. The learner repeatedly chooses an action, the environment responds with an outcome, and then the learner receives a reward for the played action. The goal of the learner is to maximize his total reward. However, there are situations in which, in addition to maximizing the cumulative reward, there are some additional constraints on the sequence of decisions that must be satisfied on average by the learner. In this paper we study an extension to the online learning where the learner aims to maximize the total reward given that some additional constraints need to be satisfied. By leveraging on the theory of Lagrangian method in constrained optimization, we propose Lagrangian exponentially weighted average (LEWA) algorithm, which is a primal-dual variant of the well known exponentially weighted average algorithm, to efficiently solve constrained online decision making problems. Using novel theoretical analysis, we establish the regret and the violation of the constraint bounds in full information and bandit feedback models.	Efficient Constrained Regret Minimization  Online learning constitutes a mathematical and compelling framework to analyze sequential decision making problems in adversarial environments. The learner repeatedly chooses an action, the environment responds with an outcome, and then the learner receives a reward for the played action. The goal of the learner is to maximize his total reward. However, there are situations in which, in addition to maximizing the cumulative reward, there are some additional constraints on the sequence of decisions that must be satisfied on average by the learner. In this paper we study an extension to the online learning where the learner aims to maximize the total reward given that some additional constraints need to be satisfied. By leveraging on the theory of Lagrangian method in constrained optimization, we propose Lagrangian exponentially weighted average (LEWA) algorithm, which is a primal-dual variant of the well known exponentially weighted average algorithm, to efficiently solve constrained online decision making problems. Using novel theoretical analysis, we establish the regret and the violation of the constraint bounds in full information and bandit feedback models.	301
How would linear regression be described and explained in laymans terms?	Reward-rational (implicit) choice: A unifying formalism for reward   learning  It is often difficult to hand-specify what the correct reward function is for a task, so researchers have instead aimed to learn reward functions from human behavior or feedback. The types of behavior interpreted as evidence of the reward function have expanded greatly in recent years. We've gone from demonstrations, to comparisons, to reading into the information leaked when the human is pushing the robot away or turning it off. And surely, there is more to come. How will a robot make sense of all these diverse types of behavior? Our key insight is that different types of behavior can be interpreted in a single unifying formalism - as a reward-rational choice that the human is making, often implicitly. The formalism offers both a unifying lens with which to view past work, as well as a recipe for interpreting new sources of information that are yet to be uncovered. We provide two examples to showcase this: interpreting a new feedback type, and reading into how the choice of feedback itself leaks information about the reward.	Reward-rational (implicit) choice: A unifying formalism for reward   learning  It is often difficult to hand-specify what the correct reward function is for a task, so researchers have instead aimed to learn reward functions from human behavior or feedback. The types of behavior interpreted as evidence of the reward function have expanded greatly in recent years. We've gone from demonstrations, to comparisons, to reading into the information leaked when the human is pushing the robot away or turning it off. And surely, there is more to come. How will a robot make sense of all these diverse types of behavior? Our key insight is that different types of behavior can be interpreted in a single unifying formalism - as a reward-rational choice that the human is making, often implicitly. The formalism offers both a unifying lens with which to view past work, as well as a recipe for interpreting new sources of information that are yet to be uncovered. We provide two examples to showcase this: interpreting a new feedback type, and reading into how the choice of feedback itself leaks information about the reward.	298
How would linear regression be described and explained in laymans terms?	Adversarial Examples: Attacks and Defenses for Deep Learning  With rapid progress and significant successes in a wide spectrum of applications, deep learning is being applied in many safety-critical environments. However, deep neural networks have been recently found vulnerable to well-designed input samples, called adversarial examples. Adversarial examples are imperceptible to human but can easily fool deep neural networks in the testing/deploying stage. The vulnerability to adversarial examples becomes one of the major risks for applying deep neural networks in safety-critical environments. Therefore, attacks and defenses on adversarial examples draw great attention. In this paper, we review recent findings on adversarial examples for deep neural networks, summarize the methods for generating adversarial examples, and propose a taxonomy of these methods. Under the taxonomy, applications for adversarial examples are investigated. We further elaborate on countermeasures for adversarial examples and explore the challenges and the potential solutions.	Adversarial Examples: Attacks and Defenses for Deep Learning  With rapid progress and significant successes in a wide spectrum of applications, deep learning is being applied in many safety-critical environments. However, deep neural networks have been recently found vulnerable to well-designed input samples, called adversarial examples. Adversarial examples are imperceptible to human but can easily fool deep neural networks in the testing/deploying stage. The vulnerability to adversarial examples becomes one of the major risks for applying deep neural networks in safety-critical environments. Therefore, attacks and defenses on adversarial examples draw great attention. In this paper, we review recent findings on adversarial examples for deep neural networks, summarize the methods for generating adversarial examples, and propose a taxonomy of these methods. Under the taxonomy, applications for adversarial examples are investigated. We further elaborate on countermeasures for adversarial examples and explore the challenges and the potential solutions.	302
How would linear regression be described and explained in laymans terms?	Intent term selection and refinement in e-commerce queries  In e-commerce, a user tends to search for the desired product by issuing a query to the search engine and examining the retrieved results. If the search engine was successful in correctly understanding the user's query, it will return results that correspond to the products whose attributes match the terms in the query that are representative of the query's product intent. However, the search engine may fail to retrieve results that satisfy the query's product intent and thus degrading user experience due to different issues in query processing: (i) when multiple terms are present in a query it may fail to determine the relevant terms that are representative of the query's product intent, and (ii) it may suffer from vocabulary gap between the terms in the query and the product's description, i.e., terms used in the query are semantically similar but different from the terms in the product description. Hence, identifying the terms that describe the query's product intent and predicting additional terms that describe the query's product intent better than the existing query terms to the search engine is an essential task in e-commerce search. In this paper, we leverage the historical query reformulation logs of a major e-commerce retailer to develop distant-supervised approaches to solve both these problems. Our approaches exploit the fact that the significance of a term is dependent upon the context (other terms in the neighborhood) in which it is used in order to learn the importance of the term towards the query's product intent. We show that identifying and emphasizing the terms that define the query's product intent leads to a 3% improvement in ranking. Moreover, for the tasks of identifying the important terms in a query and for predicting the additional terms that represent product intent, experiments illustrate that our approaches outperform the non-contextual baselines.	Intent term selection and refinement in e-commerce queries  In e-commerce, a user tends to search for the desired product by issuing a query to the search engine and examining the retrieved results. If the search engine was successful in correctly understanding the user's query, it will return results that correspond to the products whose attributes match the terms in the query that are representative of the query's product intent. However, the search engine may fail to retrieve results that satisfy the query's product intent and thus degrading user experience due to different issues in query processing: (i) when multiple terms are present in a query it may fail to determine the relevant terms that are representative of the query's product intent, and (ii) it may suffer from vocabulary gap between the terms in the query and the product's description, i.e., terms used in the query are semantically similar but different from the terms in the product description. Hence, identifying the terms that describe the query's product intent and predicting additional terms that describe the query's product intent better than the existing query terms to the search engine is an essential task in e-commerce search. In this paper, we leverage the historical query reformulation logs of a major e-commerce retailer to develop distant-supervised approaches to solve both these problems. Our approaches exploit the fact that the significance of a term is dependent upon the context (other terms in the neighborhood) in which it is used in order to learn the importance of the term towards the query's product intent. We show that identifying and emphasizing the terms that define the query's product intent leads to a 3% improvement in ranking. Moreover, for the tasks of identifying the important terms in a query and for predicting the additional terms that represent product intent, experiments illustrate that our approaches outperform the non-contextual baselines.	291
What is an intuitive explanation of a multivariate regression?	Online Multiclass Boosting  Recent work has extended the theoretical analysis of boosting algorithms to multiclass problems and to online settings. However, the multiclass extension is in the batch setting and the online extensions only consider binary classification. We fill this gap in the literature by defining, and justifying, a weak learning condition for online multiclass boosting. This condition leads to an optimal boosting algorithm that requires the minimal number of weak learners to achieve a certain accuracy. Additionally, we propose an adaptive algorithm which is near optimal and enjoys an excellent performance on real data due to its adaptive property.	Online Multiclass Boosting  Recent work has extended the theoretical analysis of boosting algorithms to multiclass problems and to online settings. However, the multiclass extension is in the batch setting and the online extensions only consider binary classification. We fill this gap in the literature by defining, and justifying, a weak learning condition for online multiclass boosting. This condition leads to an optimal boosting algorithm that requires the minimal number of weak learners to achieve a certain accuracy. Additionally, we propose an adaptive algorithm which is near optimal and enjoys an excellent performance on real data due to its adaptive property.	353
What is an intuitive explanation of a multivariate regression?	A Formal Approach to Explainability  We regard explanations as a blending of the input sample and the model's output and offer a few definitions that capture various desired properties of the function that generates these explanations. We study the links between these properties and between explanation-generating functions and intermediate representations of learned models and are able to show, for example, that if the activations of a given layer are consistent with an explanation, then so do all other subsequent layers. In addition, we study the intersection and union of explanations as a way to construct new explanations.	A Formal Approach to Explainability  We regard explanations as a blending of the input sample and the model's output and offer a few definitions that capture various desired properties of the function that generates these explanations. We study the links between these properties and between explanation-generating functions and intermediate representations of learned models and are able to show, for example, that if the activations of a given layer are consistent with an explanation, then so do all other subsequent layers. In addition, we study the intersection and union of explanations as a way to construct new explanations.	358
What is an intuitive explanation of a multivariate regression?	Joint estimation of sparse multivariate regression and conditional   graphical models  Multivariate regression model is a natural generalization of the classical univari- ate regression model for fitting multiple responses. In this paper, we propose a high- dimensional multivariate conditional regression model for constructing sparse estimates of the multivariate regression coefficient matrix that accounts for the dependency struc- ture among the multiple responses. The proposed method decomposes the multivariate regression problem into a series of penalized conditional log-likelihood of each response conditioned on the covariates and other responses. It allows simultaneous estimation of the sparse regression coefficient matrix and the sparse inverse covariance matrix. The asymptotic selection consistency and normality are established for the diverging dimension of the covariates and number of responses. The effectiveness of the pro- posed method is also demonstrated in a variety of simulated examples as well as an application to the Glioblastoma multiforme cancer data.	Joint estimation of sparse multivariate regression and conditional   graphical models  Multivariate regression model is a natural generalization of the classical univari- ate regression model for fitting multiple responses. In this paper, we propose a high- dimensional multivariate conditional regression model for constructing sparse estimates of the multivariate regression coefficient matrix that accounts for the dependency struc- ture among the multiple responses. The proposed method decomposes the multivariate regression problem into a series of penalized conditional log-likelihood of each response conditioned on the covariates and other responses. It allows simultaneous estimation of the sparse regression coefficient matrix and the sparse inverse covariance matrix. The asymptotic selection consistency and normality are established for the diverging dimension of the covariates and number of responses. The effectiveness of the pro- posed method is also demonstrated in a variety of simulated examples as well as an application to the Glioblastoma multiforme cancer data.	353
What is an intuitive explanation of a multivariate regression?	Multi-Objective Non-parametric Sequential Prediction  Online-learning research has mainly been focusing on minimizing one objective function. In many real-world applications, however, several objective functions have to be considered simultaneously. Recently, an algorithm for dealing with several objective functions in the i.i.d. case has been presented. In this paper, we extend the multi-objective framework to the case of stationary and ergodic processes, thus allowing dependencies among observations. We first identify an asymptomatic lower bound for any prediction strategy and then present an algorithm whose predictions achieve the optimal solution while fulfilling any continuous and convex constraining criterion.	Multi-Objective Non-parametric Sequential Prediction  Online-learning research has mainly been focusing on minimizing one objective function. In many real-world applications, however, several objective functions have to be considered simultaneously. Recently, an algorithm for dealing with several objective functions in the i.i.d. case has been presented. In this paper, we extend the multi-objective framework to the case of stationary and ergodic processes, thus allowing dependencies among observations. We first identify an asymptomatic lower bound for any prediction strategy and then present an algorithm whose predictions achieve the optimal solution while fulfilling any continuous and convex constraining criterion.	360
What is an intuitive explanation of a multivariate regression?	On the effect of pooling on the geometry of representations  In machine learning and neuroscience, certain computational structures and algorithms are known to yield disentangled representations without us understanding why, the most striking examples being perhaps convolutional neural networks and the ventral stream of the visual cortex in humans and primates. As for the latter, it was conjectured that representations may be disentangled by being flattened progressively and at a local scale. An attempt at a formalization of the role of invariance in learning representations was made recently, being referred to as I-theory. In this framework and using the language of differential geometry, we show that pooling over a group of transformations of the input contracts the metric and reduces its curvature, and provide quantitative bounds, in the aim of moving towards a theoretical understanding on how to disentangle representations.	On the effect of pooling on the geometry of representations  In machine learning and neuroscience, certain computational structures and algorithms are known to yield disentangled representations without us understanding why, the most striking examples being perhaps convolutional neural networks and the ventral stream of the visual cortex in humans and primates. As for the latter, it was conjectured that representations may be disentangled by being flattened progressively and at a local scale. An attempt at a formalization of the role of invariance in learning representations was made recently, being referred to as I-theory. In this framework and using the language of differential geometry, we show that pooling over a group of transformations of the input contracts the metric and reduces its curvature, and provide quantitative bounds, in the aim of moving towards a theoretical understanding on how to disentangle representations.	363
Why is logistic regression considered a linear model?	A hidden process regression model for functional data description.   Application to curve discrimination  A new approach for functional data description is proposed in this paper. It consists of a regression model with a discrete hidden logistic process which is adapted for modeling curves with abrupt or smooth regime changes. The model parameters are estimated in a maximum likelihood framework through a dedicated Expectation Maximization (EM) algorithm. From the proposed generative model, a curve discrimination rule is derived using the Maximum A Posteriori rule. The proposed model is evaluated using simulated curves and real world curves acquired during railway switch operations, by performing comparisons with the piecewise regression approach in terms of curve modeling and classification.	A hidden process regression model for functional data description.   Application to curve discrimination  A new approach for functional data description is proposed in this paper. It consists of a regression model with a discrete hidden logistic process which is adapted for modeling curves with abrupt or smooth regime changes. The model parameters are estimated in a maximum likelihood framework through a dedicated Expectation Maximization (EM) algorithm. From the proposed generative model, a curve discrimination rule is derived using the Maximum A Posteriori rule. The proposed model is evaluated using simulated curves and real world curves acquired during railway switch operations, by performing comparisons with the piecewise regression approach in terms of curve modeling and classification.	382
Why is logistic regression considered a linear model?	Logarithmic Regret for parameter-free Online Logistic Regression  We consider online optimization procedures in the context of logistic regression, focusing on the Extended Kalman Filter (EKF). We introduce a second-order algorithm close to the EKF, named Semi-Online Step (SOS), for which we prove a O(log(n)) regret in the adversarial setting, paving the way to similar results for the EKF. This regret bound on SOS is the first for such parameter-free algorithm in the adversarial logistic regression. We prove for the EKF in constant dynamics a O(log(n)) regret in expectation and in the well-specified logistic regression model.	Logarithmic Regret for parameter-free Online Logistic Regression  We consider online optimization procedures in the context of logistic regression, focusing on the Extended Kalman Filter (EKF). We introduce a second-order algorithm close to the EKF, named Semi-Online Step (SOS), for which we prove a O(log(n)) regret in the adversarial setting, paving the way to similar results for the EKF. This regret bound on SOS is the first for such parameter-free algorithm in the adversarial logistic regression. We prove for the EKF in constant dynamics a O(log(n)) regret in expectation and in the well-specified logistic regression model.	348
Why is logistic regression considered a linear model?	Machine Learning, Linear and Bayesian Models for Logistic Regression in   Failure Detection Problems  In this work, we study the use of logistic regression in manufacturing failures detection. As a data set for the analysis, we used the data from Kaggle competition Bosch Production Line Performance. We considered the use of machine learning, linear and Bayesian models. For machine learning approach, we analyzed XGBoost tree based classifier to obtain high scored classification. Using the generalized linear model for logistic regression makes it possible to analyze the influence of the factors under study. The Bayesian approach for logistic regression gives the statistical distribution for the parameters of the model. It can be useful in the probabilistic analysis, e.g. risk assessment.	Machine Learning, Linear and Bayesian Models for Logistic Regression in   Failure Detection Problems  In this work, we study the use of logistic regression in manufacturing failures detection. As a data set for the analysis, we used the data from Kaggle competition Bosch Production Line Performance. We considered the use of machine learning, linear and Bayesian models. For machine learning approach, we analyzed XGBoost tree based classifier to obtain high scored classification. Using the generalized linear model for logistic regression makes it possible to analyze the influence of the factors under study. The Bayesian approach for logistic regression gives the statistical distribution for the parameters of the model. It can be useful in the probabilistic analysis, e.g. risk assessment.	383
Why is logistic regression considered a linear model?	A regression model with a hidden logistic process for signal   parametrization  A new approach for signal parametrization, which consists of a specific regression model incorporating a discrete hidden logistic process, is proposed. The model parameters are estimated by the maximum likelihood method performed by a dedicated Expectation Maximization (EM) algorithm. The parameters of the hidden logistic process, in the inner loop of the EM algorithm, are estimated using a multi-class Iterative Reweighted Least-Squares (IRLS) algorithm. An experimental study using simulated and real data reveals good performances of the proposed approach.	A regression model with a hidden logistic process for signal   parametrization  A new approach for signal parametrization, which consists of a specific regression model incorporating a discrete hidden logistic process, is proposed. The model parameters are estimated by the maximum likelihood method performed by a dedicated Expectation Maximization (EM) algorithm. The parameters of the hidden logistic process, in the inner loop of the EM algorithm, are estimated using a multi-class Iterative Reweighted Least-Squares (IRLS) algorithm. An experimental study using simulated and real data reveals good performances of the proposed approach.	382
Why is logistic regression considered a linear model?	Robust Logistic Regression using Shift Parameters (Long Version)  Annotation errors can significantly hurt classifier performance, yet datasets are only growing noisier with the increased use of Amazon Mechanical Turk and techniques like distant supervision that automatically generate labels. In this paper, we present a robust extension of logistic regression that incorporates the possibility of mislabelling directly into the objective. Our model can be trained through nearly the same means as logistic regression, and retains its efficiency on high-dimensional datasets. Through named entity recognition experiments, we demonstrate that our approach can provide a significant improvement over the standard model when annotation errors are present.	Robust Logistic Regression using Shift Parameters (Long Version)  Annotation errors can significantly hurt classifier performance, yet datasets are only growing noisier with the increased use of Amazon Mechanical Turk and techniques like distant supervision that automatically generate labels. In this paper, we present a robust extension of logistic regression that incorporates the possibility of mislabelling directly into the objective. Our model can be trained through nearly the same means as logistic regression, and retains its efficiency on high-dimensional datasets. Through named entity recognition experiments, we demonstrate that our approach can provide a significant improvement over the standard model when annotation errors are present.	380
Logistic Regression: Why sigmoid function?	TensorLog: Deep Learning Meets Probabilistic DBs  We present an implementation of a probabilistic first-order logic called TensorLog, in which classes of logical queries are compiled into differentiable functions in a neural-network infrastructure such as Tensorflow or Theano. This leads to a close integration of probabilistic logical reasoning with deep-learning infrastructure: in particular, it enables high-performance deep learning frameworks to be used for tuning the parameters of a probabilistic logic. Experimental results show that TensorLog scales to problems involving hundreds of thousands of knowledge-base triples and tens of thousands of examples.	TensorLog: Deep Learning Meets Probabilistic DBs  We present an implementation of a probabilistic first-order logic called TensorLog, in which classes of logical queries are compiled into differentiable functions in a neural-network infrastructure such as Tensorflow or Theano. This leads to a close integration of probabilistic logical reasoning with deep-learning infrastructure: in particular, it enables high-performance deep learning frameworks to be used for tuning the parameters of a probabilistic logic. Experimental results show that TensorLog scales to problems involving hundreds of thousands of knowledge-base triples and tens of thousands of examples.	388
Logistic Regression: Why sigmoid function?	TensorLog: A Differentiable Deductive Database  Large knowledge bases (KBs) are useful in many tasks, but it is unclear how to integrate this sort of knowledge into "deep" gradient-based learning systems. To address this problem, we describe a probabilistic deductive database, called TensorLog, in which reasoning uses a differentiable process. In TensorLog, each clause in a logical theory is first converted into certain type of factor graph. Then, for each type of query to the factor graph, the message-passing steps required to perform belief propagation (BP) are "unrolled" into a function, which is differentiable. We show that these functions can be composed recursively to perform inference in non-trivial logical theories containing multiple interrelated clauses and predicates. Both compilation and inference in TensorLog are efficient: compilation is linear in theory size and proof depth, and inference is linear in database size and the number of message-passing steps used in BP. We also present experimental results with TensorLog and discuss its relationship to other first-order probabilistic logics.	TensorLog: A Differentiable Deductive Database  Large knowledge bases (KBs) are useful in many tasks, but it is unclear how to integrate this sort of knowledge into "deep" gradient-based learning systems. To address this problem, we describe a probabilistic deductive database, called TensorLog, in which reasoning uses a differentiable process. In TensorLog, each clause in a logical theory is first converted into certain type of factor graph. Then, for each type of query to the factor graph, the message-passing steps required to perform belief propagation (BP) are "unrolled" into a function, which is differentiable. We show that these functions can be composed recursively to perform inference in non-trivial logical theories containing multiple interrelated clauses and predicates. Both compilation and inference in TensorLog are efficient: compilation is linear in theory size and proof depth, and inference is linear in database size and the number of message-passing steps used in BP. We also present experimental results with TensorLog and discuss its relationship to other first-order probabilistic logics.	397
Logistic Regression: Why sigmoid function?	Accelerated Proximal Stochastic Dual Coordinate Ascent for Regularized   Loss Minimization  We introduce a proximal version of the stochastic dual coordinate ascent method and show how to accelerate the method using an inner-outer iteration procedure. We analyze the runtime of the framework and obtain rates that improve state-of-the-art results for various key machine learning optimization problems including SVM, logistic regression, ridge regression, Lasso, and multiclass SVM. Experiments validate our theoretical findings.	Accelerated Proximal Stochastic Dual Coordinate Ascent for Regularized   Loss Minimization  We introduce a proximal version of the stochastic dual coordinate ascent method and show how to accelerate the method using an inner-outer iteration procedure. We analyze the runtime of the framework and obtain rates that improve state-of-the-art results for various key machine learning optimization problems including SVM, logistic regression, ridge regression, Lasso, and multiclass SVM. Experiments validate our theoretical findings.	418
Logistic Regression: Why sigmoid function?	Structured Learning via Logistic Regression  A successful approach to structured learning is to write the learning objective as a joint function of linear parameters and inference messages, and iterate between updates to each. This paper observes that if the inference problem is "smoothed" through the addition of entropy terms, for fixed messages, the learning objective reduces to a traditional (non-structured) logistic regression problem with respect to parameters. In these logistic regression problems, each training example has a bias term determined by the current set of messages. Based on this insight, the structured energy function can be extended from linear factors to any function class where an "oracle" exists to minimize a logistic loss.	Structured Learning via Logistic Regression  A successful approach to structured learning is to write the learning objective as a joint function of linear parameters and inference messages, and iterate between updates to each. This paper observes that if the inference problem is "smoothed" through the addition of entropy terms, for fixed messages, the learning objective reduces to a traditional (non-structured) logistic regression problem with respect to parameters. In these logistic regression problems, each training example has a bias term determined by the current set of messages. Based on this insight, the structured energy function can be extended from linear factors to any function class where an "oracle" exists to minimize a logistic loss.	416
Logistic Regression: Why sigmoid function?	Stochastic subgradient method converges on tame functions  This work considers the question: what convergence guarantees does the stochastic subgradient method have in the absence of smoothness and convexity? We prove that the stochastic subgradient method, on any semialgebraic locally Lipschitz function, produces limit points that are all first-order stationary. More generally, our result applies to any function with a Whitney stratifiable graph. In particular, this work endows the stochastic subgradient method, and its proximal extension, with rigorous convergence guarantees for a wide class of problems arising in data science---including all popular deep learning architectures.	Stochastic subgradient method converges on tame functions  This work considers the question: what convergence guarantees does the stochastic subgradient method have in the absence of smoothness and convexity? We prove that the stochastic subgradient method, on any semialgebraic locally Lipschitz function, produces limit points that are all first-order stationary. More generally, our result applies to any function with a Whitney stratifiable graph. In particular, this work endows the stochastic subgradient method, and its proximal extension, with rigorous convergence guarantees for a wide class of problems arising in data science---including all popular deep learning architectures.	417
When should we use logistic regression and Neural Network?	Neural Logic Networks  Recent years have witnessed the great success of deep neural networks in many research areas. The fundamental idea behind the design of most neural networks is to learn similarity patterns from data for prediction and inference, which lacks the ability of logical reasoning. However, the concrete ability of logical reasoning is critical to many theoretical and practical problems. In this paper, we propose Neural Logic Network (NLN), which is a dynamic neural architecture that builds the computational graph according to input logical expressions. It learns basic logical operations as neural modules, and conducts propositional logical reasoning through the network for inference. Experiments on simulated data show that NLN achieves significant performance on solving logical equations. Further experiments on real-world data show that NLN significantly outperforms state-of-the-art models on collaborative filtering and personalized recommendation tasks.	Neural Logic Networks  Recent years have witnessed the great success of deep neural networks in many research areas. The fundamental idea behind the design of most neural networks is to learn similarity patterns from data for prediction and inference, which lacks the ability of logical reasoning. However, the concrete ability of logical reasoning is critical to many theoretical and practical problems. In this paper, we propose Neural Logic Network (NLN), which is a dynamic neural architecture that builds the computational graph according to input logical expressions. It learns basic logical operations as neural modules, and conducts propositional logical reasoning through the network for inference. Experiments on simulated data show that NLN achieves significant performance on solving logical equations. Further experiments on real-world data show that NLN significantly outperforms state-of-the-art models on collaborative filtering and personalized recommendation tasks.	334
When should we use logistic regression and Neural Network?	Harnessing Deep Neural Networks with Logic Rules  Combining deep neural networks with structured logic rules is desirable to harness flexibility and reduce uninterpretability of the neural models. We propose a general framework capable of enhancing various types of neural networks (e.g., CNNs and RNNs) with declarative first-order logic rules. Specifically, we develop an iterative distillation method that transfers the structured information of logic rules into the weights of neural networks. We deploy the framework on a CNN for sentiment analysis, and an RNN for named entity recognition. With a few highly intuitive rules, we obtain substantial improvements and achieve state-of-the-art or comparable results to previous best-performing systems.	Harnessing Deep Neural Networks with Logic Rules  Combining deep neural networks with structured logic rules is desirable to harness flexibility and reduce uninterpretability of the neural models. We propose a general framework capable of enhancing various types of neural networks (e.g., CNNs and RNNs) with declarative first-order logic rules. Specifically, we develop an iterative distillation method that transfers the structured information of logic rules into the weights of neural networks. We deploy the framework on a CNN for sentiment analysis, and an RNN for named entity recognition. With a few highly intuitive rules, we obtain substantial improvements and achieve state-of-the-art or comparable results to previous best-performing systems.	346
When should we use logistic regression and Neural Network?	Symbolic Knowledge Extraction using {\L}ukasiewicz Logics  This work describes a methodology that combines logic-based systems and connectionist systems. Our approach uses finite truth-valued {\L}ukasiewicz logic, wherein every connective can be defined by a neuron in an artificial network. This allowed the injection of first-order formulas into a network architecture, and also simplified symbolic rule extraction. For that we trained a neural networks using the Levenderg-Marquardt algorithm, where we restricted the knowledge dissemination in the network structure. This procedure reduces neural network plasticity without drastically damaging the learning performance, thus making the descriptive power of produced neural networks similar to the descriptive power of {\L}ukasiewicz logic language and simplifying the translation between symbolic and connectionist structures. We used this method for reverse engineering truth table and in extraction of formulas from real data sets.	Symbolic Knowledge Extraction using {\L}ukasiewicz Logics  This work describes a methodology that combines logic-based systems and connectionist systems. Our approach uses finite truth-valued {\L}ukasiewicz logic, wherein every connective can be defined by a neuron in an artificial network. This allowed the injection of first-order formulas into a network architecture, and also simplified symbolic rule extraction. For that we trained a neural networks using the Levenderg-Marquardt algorithm, where we restricted the knowledge dissemination in the network structure. This procedure reduces neural network plasticity without drastically damaging the learning performance, thus making the descriptive power of produced neural networks similar to the descriptive power of {\L}ukasiewicz logic language and simplifying the translation between symbolic and connectionist structures. We used this method for reverse engineering truth table and in extraction of formulas from real data sets.	344
When should we use logistic regression and Neural Network?	Evolving Neural Networks through a Reverse Encoding Tree  NeuroEvolution is one of the most competitive evolutionary learning frameworks for designing novel neural networks for use in specific tasks, such as logic circuit design and digital gaming. However, the application of benchmark methods such as the NeuroEvolution of Augmenting Topologies (NEAT) remains a challenge, in terms of their computational cost and search time inefficiency. This paper advances a method which incorporates a type of topological edge coding, named Reverse Encoding Tree (RET), for evolving scalable neural networks efficiently. Using RET, two types of approaches -- NEAT with Binary search encoding (Bi-NEAT) and NEAT with Golden-Section search encoding (GS-NEAT) -- have been designed to solve problems in benchmark continuous learning environments such as logic gates, Cartpole, and Lunar Lander, and tested against classical NEAT and FS-NEAT as baselines. Additionally, we conduct a robustness test to evaluate the resilience of the proposed NEAT algorithms. The results show that the two proposed strategies deliver improved performance, characterized by (1) a higher accumulated reward within a finite number of time steps; (2) using fewer episodes to solve problems in targeted environments, and (3) maintaining adaptive robustness under noisy perturbations, which outperform the baselines in all tested cases. Our analysis also demonstrates that RET expends potential future research directions in dynamic environments. Code is available from https://github.com/HaolingZHANG/ReverseEncodingTree.	Evolving Neural Networks through a Reverse Encoding Tree  NeuroEvolution is one of the most competitive evolutionary learning frameworks for designing novel neural networks for use in specific tasks, such as logic circuit design and digital gaming. However, the application of benchmark methods such as the NeuroEvolution of Augmenting Topologies (NEAT) remains a challenge, in terms of their computational cost and search time inefficiency. This paper advances a method which incorporates a type of topological edge coding, named Reverse Encoding Tree (RET), for evolving scalable neural networks efficiently. Using RET, two types of approaches -- NEAT with Binary search encoding (Bi-NEAT) and NEAT with Golden-Section search encoding (GS-NEAT) -- have been designed to solve problems in benchmark continuous learning environments such as logic gates, Cartpole, and Lunar Lander, and tested against classical NEAT and FS-NEAT as baselines. Additionally, we conduct a robustness test to evaluate the resilience of the proposed NEAT algorithms. The results show that the two proposed strategies deliver improved performance, characterized by (1) a higher accumulated reward within a finite number of time steps; (2) using fewer episodes to solve problems in targeted environments, and (3) maintaining adaptive robustness under noisy perturbations, which outperform the baselines in all tested cases. Our analysis also demonstrates that RET expends potential future research directions in dynamic environments. Code is available from https://github.com/HaolingZHANG/ReverseEncodingTree.	337
When should we use logistic regression and Neural Network?	On approximating dropout noise injection  This paper examines the assumptions of the derived equivalence between dropout noise injection and $L_2$ regularisation for logistic regression with negative log loss. We show that the approximation method is based on a divergent Taylor expansion, making, subsequent work using this approximation to compare the dropout trained logistic regression model with standard regularisers unfortunately ill-founded to date. Moreover, the approximation approach is shown to be invalid using any robust constraints. We show how this finding extends to general neural network topologies that use a cross-entropy prediction layer.	On approximating dropout noise injection  This paper examines the assumptions of the derived equivalence between dropout noise injection and $L_2$ regularisation for logistic regression with negative log loss. We show that the approximation method is based on a divergent Taylor expansion, making, subsequent work using this approximation to compare the dropout trained logistic regression model with standard regularisers unfortunately ill-founded to date. Moreover, the approximation approach is shown to be invalid using any robust constraints. We show how this finding extends to general neural network topologies that use a cross-entropy prediction layer.	342
How are linear regression and gradient descent related?	Efficient Constrained Regret Minimization  Online learning constitutes a mathematical and compelling framework to analyze sequential decision making problems in adversarial environments. The learner repeatedly chooses an action, the environment responds with an outcome, and then the learner receives a reward for the played action. The goal of the learner is to maximize his total reward. However, there are situations in which, in addition to maximizing the cumulative reward, there are some additional constraints on the sequence of decisions that must be satisfied on average by the learner. In this paper we study an extension to the online learning where the learner aims to maximize the total reward given that some additional constraints need to be satisfied. By leveraging on the theory of Lagrangian method in constrained optimization, we propose Lagrangian exponentially weighted average (LEWA) algorithm, which is a primal-dual variant of the well known exponentially weighted average algorithm, to efficiently solve constrained online decision making problems. Using novel theoretical analysis, we establish the regret and the violation of the constraint bounds in full information and bandit feedback models.	Efficient Constrained Regret Minimization  Online learning constitutes a mathematical and compelling framework to analyze sequential decision making problems in adversarial environments. The learner repeatedly chooses an action, the environment responds with an outcome, and then the learner receives a reward for the played action. The goal of the learner is to maximize his total reward. However, there are situations in which, in addition to maximizing the cumulative reward, there are some additional constraints on the sequence of decisions that must be satisfied on average by the learner. In this paper we study an extension to the online learning where the learner aims to maximize the total reward given that some additional constraints need to be satisfied. By leveraging on the theory of Lagrangian method in constrained optimization, we propose Lagrangian exponentially weighted average (LEWA) algorithm, which is a primal-dual variant of the well known exponentially weighted average algorithm, to efficiently solve constrained online decision making problems. Using novel theoretical analysis, we establish the regret and the violation of the constraint bounds in full information and bandit feedback models.	398
How are linear regression and gradient descent related?	Linear Range in Gradient Descent  This paper defines linear range as the range of parameter perturbations which lead to approximately linear perturbations in the states of a network. We compute linear range from the difference between actual perturbations in states and the tangent solution. Linear range is a new criterion for estimating the effectivenss of gradients and thus having many possible applications. In particular, we propose that the optimal learning rate at the initial stages of training is such that parameter changes on all minibatches are within linear range. We demonstrate our algorithm on two shallow neural networks and a ResNet.	Linear Range in Gradient Descent  This paper defines linear range as the range of parameter perturbations which lead to approximately linear perturbations in the states of a network. We compute linear range from the difference between actual perturbations in states and the tangent solution. Linear range is a new criterion for estimating the effectivenss of gradients and thus having many possible applications. In particular, we propose that the optimal learning rate at the initial stages of training is such that parameter changes on all minibatches are within linear range. We demonstrate our algorithm on two shallow neural networks and a ResNet.	392
How are linear regression and gradient descent related?	Bandits meet Computer Architecture: Designing a Smartly-allocated Cache  In many embedded systems, such as imaging sys- tems, the system has a single designated purpose, and same threads are executed repeatedly. Profiling thread behavior, allows the system to allocate each thread its resources in a way that improves overall system performance. We study an online resource al- locationproblem,wherearesourcemanagersimulta- neously allocates resources (exploration), learns the impact on the different consumers (learning) and im- proves allocation towards optimal performance (ex- ploitation). We build on the rich framework of multi- armed bandits and present online and offline algo- rithms. Through extensive experiments with both synthetic data and real-world cache allocation to threads we show the merits and properties of our al- gorithms	Bandits meet Computer Architecture: Designing a Smartly-allocated Cache  In many embedded systems, such as imaging sys- tems, the system has a single designated purpose, and same threads are executed repeatedly. Profiling thread behavior, allows the system to allocate each thread its resources in a way that improves overall system performance. We study an online resource al- locationproblem,wherearesourcemanagersimulta- neously allocates resources (exploration), learns the impact on the different consumers (learning) and im- proves allocation towards optimal performance (ex- ploitation). We build on the rich framework of multi- armed bandits and present online and offline algo- rithms. Through extensive experiments with both synthetic data and real-world cache allocation to threads we show the merits and properties of our al- gorithms	380
How are linear regression and gradient descent related?	Iterate averaging as regularization for stochastic gradient descent  We propose and analyze a variant of the classic Polyak-Ruppert averaging scheme, broadly used in stochastic gradient methods. Rather than a uniform average of the iterates, we consider a weighted average, with weights decaying in a geometric fashion. In the context of linear least squares regression, we show that this averaging scheme has a the same regularizing effect, and indeed is asymptotically equivalent, to ridge regression. In particular, we derive finite-sample bounds for the proposed approach that match the best known results for regularized stochastic gradient methods.	Iterate averaging as regularization for stochastic gradient descent  We propose and analyze a variant of the classic Polyak-Ruppert averaging scheme, broadly used in stochastic gradient methods. Rather than a uniform average of the iterates, we consider a weighted average, with weights decaying in a geometric fashion. In the context of linear least squares regression, we show that this averaging scheme has a the same regularizing effect, and indeed is asymptotically equivalent, to ridge regression. In particular, we derive finite-sample bounds for the proposed approach that match the best known results for regularized stochastic gradient methods.	390
How are linear regression and gradient descent related?	Exploring compact reinforcement-learning representations with linear   regression  This paper presents a new algorithm for online linear regression whose efficiency guarantees satisfy the requirements of the KWIK (Knows What It Knows) framework. The algorithm improves on the complexity bounds of the current state-of-the-art procedure in this setting. We explore several applications of this algorithm for learning compact reinforcement-learning representations. We show that KWIK linear regression can be used to learn the reward function of a factored MDP and the probabilities of action outcomes in Stochastic STRIPS and Object Oriented MDPs, none of which have been proven to be efficiently learnable in the RL setting before. We also combine KWIK linear regression with other KWIK learners to learn larger portions of these models, including experiments on learning factored MDP transition and reward functions together.	Exploring compact reinforcement-learning representations with linear   regression  This paper presents a new algorithm for online linear regression whose efficiency guarantees satisfy the requirements of the KWIK (Knows What It Knows) framework. The algorithm improves on the complexity bounds of the current state-of-the-art procedure in this setting. We explore several applications of this algorithm for learning compact reinforcement-learning representations. We show that KWIK linear regression can be used to learn the reward function of a factored MDP and the probabilities of action outcomes in Stochastic STRIPS and Object Oriented MDPs, none of which have been proven to be efficiently learnable in the RL setting before. We also combine KWIK linear regression with other KWIK learners to learn larger portions of these models, including experiments on learning factored MDP transition and reward functions together.	392
What is the intuition behind SoftMax function?	Soft Autoencoder and Its Wavelet Adaptation Interpretation  Recently, deep learning becomes the main focus of machine learning research and has greatly impacted many important fields. However, deep learning is criticized for lack of interpretability. As a successful unsupervised model in deep learning, the autoencoder embraces a wide spectrum of applications, yet it suffers from the model opaqueness as well. In this paper, we propose a new type of convolutional autoencoders, termed as Soft Autoencoder (Soft-AE), in which the activation functions of encoding layers are implemented with adaptable soft-thresholding units while decoding layers are realized with linear units. Consequently, Soft-AE can be naturally interpreted as a learned cascaded wavelet shrinkage system. Our denoising experiments demonstrate that Soft-AE not only is interpretable but also offers a competitive performance relative to its counterparts. Furthermore, we propose a generalized linear unit (GenLU) to make an autoencoder more adaptive in nonlinearly filtering images and data, such as denoising and deblurring.	Soft Autoencoder and Its Wavelet Adaptation Interpretation  Recently, deep learning becomes the main focus of machine learning research and has greatly impacted many important fields. However, deep learning is criticized for lack of interpretability. As a successful unsupervised model in deep learning, the autoencoder embraces a wide spectrum of applications, yet it suffers from the model opaqueness as well. In this paper, we propose a new type of convolutional autoencoders, termed as Soft Autoencoder (Soft-AE), in which the activation functions of encoding layers are implemented with adaptable soft-thresholding units while decoding layers are realized with linear units. Consequently, Soft-AE can be naturally interpreted as a learned cascaded wavelet shrinkage system. Our denoising experiments demonstrate that Soft-AE not only is interpretable but also offers a competitive performance relative to its counterparts. Furthermore, we propose a generalized linear unit (GenLU) to make an autoencoder more adaptive in nonlinearly filtering images and data, such as denoising and deblurring.	361
What is the intuition behind SoftMax function?	Effectiveness of Hierarchical Softmax in Large Scale Classification   Tasks  Typically, Softmax is used in the final layer of a neural network to get a probability distribution for output classes. But the main problem with Softmax is that it is computationally expensive for large scale data sets with large number of possible outputs. To approximate class probability efficiently on such large scale data sets we can use Hierarchical Softmax. LSHTC datasets were used to study the performance of the Hierarchical Softmax. LSHTC datasets have large number of categories. In this paper we evaluate and report the performance of normal Softmax Vs Hierarchical Softmax on LSHTC datasets. This evaluation used macro f1 score as a performance measure. The observation was that the performance of Hierarchical Softmax degrades as the number of classes increase.	Effectiveness of Hierarchical Softmax in Large Scale Classification   Tasks  Typically, Softmax is used in the final layer of a neural network to get a probability distribution for output classes. But the main problem with Softmax is that it is computationally expensive for large scale data sets with large number of possible outputs. To approximate class probability efficiently on such large scale data sets we can use Hierarchical Softmax. LSHTC datasets were used to study the performance of the Hierarchical Softmax. LSHTC datasets have large number of categories. In this paper we evaluate and report the performance of normal Softmax Vs Hierarchical Softmax on LSHTC datasets. This evaluation used macro f1 score as a performance measure. The observation was that the performance of Hierarchical Softmax degrades as the number of classes increase.	360
What is the intuition behind SoftMax function?	Softmax Dissection: Towards Understanding Intra- and Inter-class   Objective for Embedding Learning  The softmax loss and its variants are widely used as objectives for embedding learning, especially in applications like face recognition. However, the intra- and inter-class objectives in the softmax loss are entangled, therefore a well-optimized inter-class objective leads to relaxation on the intra-class objective, and vice versa. In this paper, we propose to dissect the softmax loss into independent intra- and inter-class objective (D-Softmax). With D-Softmax as objective, we can have a clear understanding of both the intra- and inter-class objective, therefore it is straightforward to tune each part to the best state. Furthermore, we find the computation of the inter-class objective is redundant and propose two sampling-based variants of D-Softmax to reduce the computation cost. Training with regular-scale data, experiments in face verification show D-Softmax is favorably comparable to existing losses such as SphereFace and ArcFace. Training with massive-scale data, experiments show the fast variants of D-Softmax significantly accelerates the training process (such as 64x) with only a minor sacrifice in performance, outperforming existing acceleration methods of softmax in terms of both performance and efficiency.	Softmax Dissection: Towards Understanding Intra- and Inter-class   Objective for Embedding Learning  The softmax loss and its variants are widely used as objectives for embedding learning, especially in applications like face recognition. However, the intra- and inter-class objectives in the softmax loss are entangled, therefore a well-optimized inter-class objective leads to relaxation on the intra-class objective, and vice versa. In this paper, we propose to dissect the softmax loss into independent intra- and inter-class objective (D-Softmax). With D-Softmax as objective, we can have a clear understanding of both the intra- and inter-class objective, therefore it is straightforward to tune each part to the best state. Furthermore, we find the computation of the inter-class objective is redundant and propose two sampling-based variants of D-Softmax to reduce the computation cost. Training with regular-scale data, experiments in face verification show D-Softmax is favorably comparable to existing losses such as SphereFace and ArcFace. Training with massive-scale data, experiments show the fast variants of D-Softmax significantly accelerates the training process (such as 64x) with only a minor sacrifice in performance, outperforming existing acceleration methods of softmax in terms of both performance and efficiency.	362
What is the intuition behind SoftMax function?	Softmax Optimizations for Intel Xeon Processor-based Platforms  Softmax is popular normalization method used in machine learning. Deep learning solutions like Transformer or BERT use the softmax function intensively, so it is worthwhile to optimize its performance. This article presents our methodology of optimization and its results applied to softmax. By presenting this methodology, we hope to increase an interest in deep learning optimizations for CPUs. We believe that the optimization process presented here could be transferred to other deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch.	Softmax Optimizations for Intel Xeon Processor-based Platforms  Softmax is popular normalization method used in machine learning. Deep learning solutions like Transformer or BERT use the softmax function intensively, so it is worthwhile to optimize its performance. This article presents our methodology of optimization and its results applied to softmax. By presenting this methodology, we hope to increase an interest in deep learning optimizations for CPUs. We believe that the optimization process presented here could be transferred to other deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch.	328
What is the intuition behind SoftMax function?	How the Softmax Output is Misleading for Evaluating the Strength of   Adversarial Examples  Even before deep learning architectures became the de facto models for complex computer vision tasks, the softmax function was, given its elegant properties, already used to analyze the predictions of feedforward neural networks. Nowadays, the output of the softmax function is also commonly used to assess the strength of adversarial examples: malicious data points designed to fail machine learning models during the testing phase. However, in this paper, we show that it is possible to generate adversarial examples that take advantage of some properties of the softmax function, leading to undesired outcomes when interpreting the strength of the adversarial examples at hand. Specifically, we argue that the output of the softmax function is a poor indicator when the strength of an adversarial example is analyzed and that this indicator can be easily tricked by already existing methods for adversarial example generation.	How the Softmax Output is Misleading for Evaluating the Strength of   Adversarial Examples  Even before deep learning architectures became the de facto models for complex computer vision tasks, the softmax function was, given its elegant properties, already used to analyze the predictions of feedforward neural networks. Nowadays, the output of the softmax function is also commonly used to assess the strength of adversarial examples: malicious data points designed to fail machine learning models during the testing phase. However, in this paper, we show that it is possible to generate adversarial examples that take advantage of some properties of the softmax function, leading to undesired outcomes when interpreting the strength of the adversarial examples at hand. Specifically, we argue that the output of the softmax function is a poor indicator when the strength of an adversarial example is analyzed and that this indicator can be easily tricked by already existing methods for adversarial example generation.	349
What is softmax regression?	Sigsoftmax: Reanalysis of the Softmax Bottleneck  Softmax is an output activation function for modeling categorical probability distributions in many applications of deep learning. However, a recent study revealed that softmax can be a bottleneck of representational capacity of neural networks in language modeling (the softmax bottleneck). In this paper, we propose an output activation function for breaking the softmax bottleneck without additional parameters. We re-analyze the softmax bottleneck from the perspective of the output set of log-softmax and identify the cause of the softmax bottleneck. On the basis of this analysis, we propose sigsoftmax, which is composed of a multiplication of an exponential function and sigmoid function. Sigsoftmax can break the softmax bottleneck. The experiments on language modeling demonstrate that sigsoftmax and mixture of sigsoftmax outperform softmax and mixture of softmax, respectively.	Sigsoftmax: Reanalysis of the Softmax Bottleneck  Softmax is an output activation function for modeling categorical probability distributions in many applications of deep learning. However, a recent study revealed that softmax can be a bottleneck of representational capacity of neural networks in language modeling (the softmax bottleneck). In this paper, we propose an output activation function for breaking the softmax bottleneck without additional parameters. We re-analyze the softmax bottleneck from the perspective of the output set of log-softmax and identify the cause of the softmax bottleneck. On the basis of this analysis, we propose sigsoftmax, which is composed of a multiplication of an exponential function and sigmoid function. Sigsoftmax can break the softmax bottleneck. The experiments on language modeling demonstrate that sigsoftmax and mixture of sigsoftmax outperform softmax and mixture of softmax, respectively.	486
What is softmax regression?	Effectiveness of Hierarchical Softmax in Large Scale Classification   Tasks  Typically, Softmax is used in the final layer of a neural network to get a probability distribution for output classes. But the main problem with Softmax is that it is computationally expensive for large scale data sets with large number of possible outputs. To approximate class probability efficiently on such large scale data sets we can use Hierarchical Softmax. LSHTC datasets were used to study the performance of the Hierarchical Softmax. LSHTC datasets have large number of categories. In this paper we evaluate and report the performance of normal Softmax Vs Hierarchical Softmax on LSHTC datasets. This evaluation used macro f1 score as a performance measure. The observation was that the performance of Hierarchical Softmax degrades as the number of classes increase.	Effectiveness of Hierarchical Softmax in Large Scale Classification   Tasks  Typically, Softmax is used in the final layer of a neural network to get a probability distribution for output classes. But the main problem with Softmax is that it is computationally expensive for large scale data sets with large number of possible outputs. To approximate class probability efficiently on such large scale data sets we can use Hierarchical Softmax. LSHTC datasets were used to study the performance of the Hierarchical Softmax. LSHTC datasets have large number of categories. In this paper we evaluate and report the performance of normal Softmax Vs Hierarchical Softmax on LSHTC datasets. This evaluation used macro f1 score as a performance measure. The observation was that the performance of Hierarchical Softmax degrades as the number of classes increase.	528
What is softmax regression?	Softmax Dissection: Towards Understanding Intra- and Inter-class   Objective for Embedding Learning  The softmax loss and its variants are widely used as objectives for embedding learning, especially in applications like face recognition. However, the intra- and inter-class objectives in the softmax loss are entangled, therefore a well-optimized inter-class objective leads to relaxation on the intra-class objective, and vice versa. In this paper, we propose to dissect the softmax loss into independent intra- and inter-class objective (D-Softmax). With D-Softmax as objective, we can have a clear understanding of both the intra- and inter-class objective, therefore it is straightforward to tune each part to the best state. Furthermore, we find the computation of the inter-class objective is redundant and propose two sampling-based variants of D-Softmax to reduce the computation cost. Training with regular-scale data, experiments in face verification show D-Softmax is favorably comparable to existing losses such as SphereFace and ArcFace. Training with massive-scale data, experiments show the fast variants of D-Softmax significantly accelerates the training process (such as 64x) with only a minor sacrifice in performance, outperforming existing acceleration methods of softmax in terms of both performance and efficiency.	Softmax Dissection: Towards Understanding Intra- and Inter-class   Objective for Embedding Learning  The softmax loss and its variants are widely used as objectives for embedding learning, especially in applications like face recognition. However, the intra- and inter-class objectives in the softmax loss are entangled, therefore a well-optimized inter-class objective leads to relaxation on the intra-class objective, and vice versa. In this paper, we propose to dissect the softmax loss into independent intra- and inter-class objective (D-Softmax). With D-Softmax as objective, we can have a clear understanding of both the intra- and inter-class objective, therefore it is straightforward to tune each part to the best state. Furthermore, we find the computation of the inter-class objective is redundant and propose two sampling-based variants of D-Softmax to reduce the computation cost. Training with regular-scale data, experiments in face verification show D-Softmax is favorably comparable to existing losses such as SphereFace and ArcFace. Training with massive-scale data, experiments show the fast variants of D-Softmax significantly accelerates the training process (such as 64x) with only a minor sacrifice in performance, outperforming existing acceleration methods of softmax in terms of both performance and efficiency.	516
What is softmax regression?	Adaptive and Resilient Soft Tensegrity Robots  Living organisms intertwine soft (e.g., muscle) and hard (e.g., bones) materials, giving them an intrinsic flexibility and resiliency often lacking in conventional rigid robots. The emerging field of soft robotics seeks to harness these same properties in order to create resilient machines. The nature of soft materials, however, presents considerable challenges to aspects of design, construction, and control -- and up until now, the vast majority of gaits for soft robots have been hand-designed through empirical trial-and-error. This manuscript describes an easy-to-assemble tensegrity-based soft robot capable of highly dynamic locomotive gaits and demonstrating structural and behavioral resilience in the face of physical damage. Enabling this is the use of a machine learning algorithm able to discover effective gaits with a minimal number of physical trials. These results lend further credence to soft-robotic approaches that seek to harness the interaction of complex material dynamics in order to generate a wealth of dynamical behaviors.	Adaptive and Resilient Soft Tensegrity Robots  Living organisms intertwine soft (e.g., muscle) and hard (e.g., bones) materials, giving them an intrinsic flexibility and resiliency often lacking in conventional rigid robots. The emerging field of soft robotics seeks to harness these same properties in order to create resilient machines. The nature of soft materials, however, presents considerable challenges to aspects of design, construction, and control -- and up until now, the vast majority of gaits for soft robots have been hand-designed through empirical trial-and-error. This manuscript describes an easy-to-assemble tensegrity-based soft robot capable of highly dynamic locomotive gaits and demonstrating structural and behavioral resilience in the face of physical damage. Enabling this is the use of a machine learning algorithm able to discover effective gaits with a minimal number of physical trials. These results lend further credence to soft-robotic approaches that seek to harness the interaction of complex material dynamics in order to generate a wealth of dynamical behaviors.	527
What is softmax regression?	How the Softmax Output is Misleading for Evaluating the Strength of   Adversarial Examples  Even before deep learning architectures became the de facto models for complex computer vision tasks, the softmax function was, given its elegant properties, already used to analyze the predictions of feedforward neural networks. Nowadays, the output of the softmax function is also commonly used to assess the strength of adversarial examples: malicious data points designed to fail machine learning models during the testing phase. However, in this paper, we show that it is possible to generate adversarial examples that take advantage of some properties of the softmax function, leading to undesired outcomes when interpreting the strength of the adversarial examples at hand. Specifically, we argue that the output of the softmax function is a poor indicator when the strength of an adversarial example is analyzed and that this indicator can be easily tricked by already existing methods for adversarial example generation.	How the Softmax Output is Misleading for Evaluating the Strength of   Adversarial Examples  Even before deep learning architectures became the de facto models for complex computer vision tasks, the softmax function was, given its elegant properties, already used to analyze the predictions of feedforward neural networks. Nowadays, the output of the softmax function is also commonly used to assess the strength of adversarial examples: malicious data points designed to fail machine learning models during the testing phase. However, in this paper, we show that it is possible to generate adversarial examples that take advantage of some properties of the softmax function, leading to undesired outcomes when interpreting the strength of the adversarial examples at hand. Specifically, we argue that the output of the softmax function is a poor indicator when the strength of an adversarial example is analyzed and that this indicator can be easily tricked by already existing methods for adversarial example generation.	528
What is supervised learning?	ACCNet: Actor-Coordinator-Critic Net for "Learning-to-Communicate" with   Deep Multi-agent Reinforcement Learning  Communication is a critical factor for the big multi-agent world to stay organized and productive. Typically, most previous multi-agent "learning-to-communicate" studies try to predefine the communication protocols or use technologies such as tabular reinforcement learning and evolutionary algorithm, which can not generalize to changing environment or large collection of agents.   In this paper, we propose an Actor-Coordinator-Critic Net (ACCNet) framework for solving "learning-to-communicate" problem. The ACCNet naturally combines the powerful actor-critic reinforcement learning technology with deep learning technology. It can efficiently learn the communication protocols even from scratch under partially observable environment. We demonstrate that the ACCNet can achieve better results than several baselines under both continuous and discrete action space environments. We also analyse the learned protocols and discuss some design considerations.	ACCNet: Actor-Coordinator-Critic Net for "Learning-to-Communicate" with   Deep Multi-agent Reinforcement Learning  Communication is a critical factor for the big multi-agent world to stay organized and productive. Typically, most previous multi-agent "learning-to-communicate" studies try to predefine the communication protocols or use technologies such as tabular reinforcement learning and evolutionary algorithm, which can not generalize to changing environment or large collection of agents.   In this paper, we propose an Actor-Coordinator-Critic Net (ACCNet) framework for solving "learning-to-communicate" problem. The ACCNet naturally combines the powerful actor-critic reinforcement learning technology with deep learning technology. It can efficiently learn the communication protocols even from scratch under partially observable environment. We demonstrate that the ACCNet can achieve better results than several baselines under both continuous and discrete action space environments. We also analyse the learned protocols and discuss some design considerations.	496
What is supervised learning?	Perspective Transformer Nets: Learning Single-View 3D Object   Reconstruction without 3D Supervision  Understanding the 3D world is a fundamental problem in computer vision. However, learning a good representation of 3D objects is still an open problem due to the high dimensionality of the data and many factors of variation involved. In this work, we investigate the task of single-view 3D object reconstruction from a learning agent's perspective. We formulate the learning process as an interaction between 3D and 2D representations and propose an encoder-decoder network with a novel projection loss defined by the perspective transformation. More importantly, the projection loss enables the unsupervised learning using 2D observation without explicit 3D supervision. We demonstrate the ability of the model in generating 3D volume from a single 2D image with three sets of experiments: (1) learning from single-class objects; (2) learning from multi-class objects and (3) testing on novel object classes. Results show superior performance and better generalization ability for 3D object reconstruction when the projection loss is involved.	Perspective Transformer Nets: Learning Single-View 3D Object   Reconstruction without 3D Supervision  Understanding the 3D world is a fundamental problem in computer vision. However, learning a good representation of 3D objects is still an open problem due to the high dimensionality of the data and many factors of variation involved. In this work, we investigate the task of single-view 3D object reconstruction from a learning agent's perspective. We formulate the learning process as an interaction between 3D and 2D representations and propose an encoder-decoder network with a novel projection loss defined by the perspective transformation. More importantly, the projection loss enables the unsupervised learning using 2D observation without explicit 3D supervision. We demonstrate the ability of the model in generating 3D volume from a single 2D image with three sets of experiments: (1) learning from single-class objects; (2) learning from multi-class objects and (3) testing on novel object classes. Results show superior performance and better generalization ability for 3D object reconstruction when the projection loss is involved.	504
What is supervised learning?	Is Supervised Learning With Adversarial Features Provably Better Than   Sole Supervision?  Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have shown promising results on a wide variety of complex tasks. Recent experiments show adversarial training provides useful gradients to the generator that helps attain better performance. In this paper, we intend to theoretically analyze whether supervised learning with adversarial features can outperform sole supervision, or not. First, we show that supervised learning without adversarial features suffer from vanishing gradient issue in near optimal region. Second, we analyze how adversarial learning augmented with supervised signal mitigates this vanishing gradient issue. Finally, we prove our main result that shows supervised learning with adversarial features can be better than sole supervision (under some mild assumptions). We support our main result on two fronts (i) expected empirical risk and (ii) rate of convergence.	Is Supervised Learning With Adversarial Features Provably Better Than   Sole Supervision?  Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have shown promising results on a wide variety of complex tasks. Recent experiments show adversarial training provides useful gradients to the generator that helps attain better performance. In this paper, we intend to theoretically analyze whether supervised learning with adversarial features can outperform sole supervision, or not. First, we show that supervised learning without adversarial features suffer from vanishing gradient issue in near optimal region. Second, we analyze how adversarial learning augmented with supervised signal mitigates this vanishing gradient issue. Finally, we prove our main result that shows supervised learning with adversarial features can be better than sole supervision (under some mild assumptions). We support our main result on two fronts (i) expected empirical risk and (ii) rate of convergence.	503
What is supervised learning?	Are skip connections necessary for biologically plausible learning   rules?  Backpropagation is the workhorse of deep learning, however, several other biologically-motivated learning rules have been introduced, such as random feedback alignment and difference target propagation. None of these methods have produced a competitive performance against backpropagation. In this paper, we show that biologically-motivated learning rules with skip connections between intermediate layers can perform as well as backpropagation on the MNIST dataset and are robust to various sets of hyper-parameters.	Are skip connections necessary for biologically plausible learning   rules?  Backpropagation is the workhorse of deep learning, however, several other biologically-motivated learning rules have been introduced, such as random feedback alignment and difference target propagation. None of these methods have produced a competitive performance against backpropagation. In this paper, we show that biologically-motivated learning rules with skip connections between intermediate layers can perform as well as backpropagation on the MNIST dataset and are robust to various sets of hyper-parameters.	496
What is supervised learning?	TCT: A Cross-supervised Learning Method for Multimodal Sequence   Representation  Multimodalities provide promising performance than unimodality in most tasks. However, learning the semantic of the representations from multimodalities efficiently is extremely challenging. To tackle this, we propose the Transformer based Cross-modal Translator (TCT) to learn unimodal sequence representations by translating from other related multimodal sequences on a supervised learning method. Combined TCT with Multimodal Transformer Network (MTN), we evaluate MTN-TCT on the video-grounded dialogue which uses multimodality. The proposed method reports new state-of-the-art performance on video-grounded dialogue which indicates representations learned by TCT are more semantics compared to directly use unimodality.	TCT: A Cross-supervised Learning Method for Multimodal Sequence   Representation  Multimodalities provide promising performance than unimodality in most tasks. However, learning the semantic of the representations from multimodalities efficiently is extremely challenging. To tackle this, we propose the Transformer based Cross-modal Translator (TCT) to learn unimodal sequence representations by translating from other related multimodal sequences on a supervised learning method. Combined TCT with Multimodal Transformer Network (MTN), we evaluate MTN-TCT on the video-grounded dialogue which uses multimodality. The proposed method reports new state-of-the-art performance on video-grounded dialogue which indicates representations learned by TCT are more semantics compared to directly use unimodality.	499
What does supervision exactly mean in the context of supervised machine learning?	Measuring Compositionality in Representation Learning  Many machine learning algorithms represent input data with vector embeddings or discrete codes. When inputs exhibit compositional structure (e.g. objects built from parts or procedures from subroutines), it is natural to ask whether this compositional structure is reflected in the the inputs' learned representations. While the assessment of compositionality in languages has received significant attention in linguistics and adjacent fields, the machine learning literature lacks general-purpose tools for producing graded measurements of compositional structure in more general (e.g. vector-valued) representation spaces. We describe a procedure for evaluating compositionality by measuring how well the true representation-producing model can be approximated by a model that explicitly composes a collection of inferred representational primitives. We use the procedure to provide formal and empirical characterizations of compositional structure in a variety of settings, exploring the relationship between compositionality and learning dynamics, human judgments, representational similarity, and generalization.	Measuring Compositionality in Representation Learning  Many machine learning algorithms represent input data with vector embeddings or discrete codes. When inputs exhibit compositional structure (e.g. objects built from parts or procedures from subroutines), it is natural to ask whether this compositional structure is reflected in the the inputs' learned representations. While the assessment of compositionality in languages has received significant attention in linguistics and adjacent fields, the machine learning literature lacks general-purpose tools for producing graded measurements of compositional structure in more general (e.g. vector-valued) representation spaces. We describe a procedure for evaluating compositionality by measuring how well the true representation-producing model can be approximated by a model that explicitly composes a collection of inferred representational primitives. We use the procedure to provide formal and empirical characterizations of compositional structure in a variety of settings, exploring the relationship between compositionality and learning dynamics, human judgments, representational similarity, and generalization.	326
What does supervision exactly mean in the context of supervised machine learning?	Evaluation of Machine Learning Methods to Predict Coronary Artery   Disease Using Metabolomic Data  Metabolomic data can potentially enable accurate, non-invasive and low-cost prediction of coronary artery disease. Regression-based analytical approaches however might fail to fully account for interactions between metabolites, rely on a priori selected input features and thus might suffer from poorer accuracy. Supervised machine learning methods can potentially be used in order to fully exploit the dimensionality and richness of the data. In this paper, we systematically implement and evaluate a set of supervised learning methods (L1 regression, random forest classifier) and compare them to traditional regression-based approaches for disease prediction using metabolomic data.	Evaluation of Machine Learning Methods to Predict Coronary Artery   Disease Using Metabolomic Data  Metabolomic data can potentially enable accurate, non-invasive and low-cost prediction of coronary artery disease. Regression-based analytical approaches however might fail to fully account for interactions between metabolites, rely on a priori selected input features and thus might suffer from poorer accuracy. Supervised machine learning methods can potentially be used in order to fully exploit the dimensionality and richness of the data. In this paper, we systematically implement and evaluate a set of supervised learning methods (L1 regression, random forest classifier) and compare them to traditional regression-based approaches for disease prediction using metabolomic data.	315
What does supervision exactly mean in the context of supervised machine learning?	Performance Evaluation of Supervised Machine Learning Techniques for   Efficient Detection of Emotions from Online Content  Emotion detection from the text is an important and challenging problem in text analytics. The opinion-mining experts are focusing on the development of emotion detection applications as they have received considerable attention of online community including users and business organization for collecting and interpreting public emotions. However, most of the existing works on emotion detection used less efficient machine learning classifiers with limited datasets, resulting in performance degradation. To overcome this issue, this work aims at the evaluation of the performance of different machine learning classifiers on a benchmark emotion dataset. The experimental results show the performance of different machine learning classifiers in terms of different evaluation metrics like precision, recall ad f-measure. Finally, a classifier with the best performance is recommended for the emotion classification.	Performance Evaluation of Supervised Machine Learning Techniques for   Efficient Detection of Emotions from Online Content  Emotion detection from the text is an important and challenging problem in text analytics. The opinion-mining experts are focusing on the development of emotion detection applications as they have received considerable attention of online community including users and business organization for collecting and interpreting public emotions. However, most of the existing works on emotion detection used less efficient machine learning classifiers with limited datasets, resulting in performance degradation. To overcome this issue, this work aims at the evaluation of the performance of different machine learning classifiers on a benchmark emotion dataset. The experimental results show the performance of different machine learning classifiers in terms of different evaluation metrics like precision, recall ad f-measure. Finally, a classifier with the best performance is recommended for the emotion classification.	321
What does supervision exactly mean in the context of supervised machine learning?	A Review on Intelligent Object Perception Methods Combining   Knowledge-based Reasoning and Machine Learning  Object perception is a fundamental sub-field of Computer Vision, covering a multitude of individual areas and having contributed high-impact results. While Machine Learning has been traditionally applied to address related problems, recent works also seek ways to integrate knowledge engineering in order to expand the level of intelligence of the visual interpretation of objects, their properties and their relations with their environment. In this paper, we attempt a systematic investigation of how knowledge-based methods contribute to diverse object perception tasks. We review the latest achievements and identify prominent research directions.	A Review on Intelligent Object Perception Methods Combining   Knowledge-based Reasoning and Machine Learning  Object perception is a fundamental sub-field of Computer Vision, covering a multitude of individual areas and having contributed high-impact results. While Machine Learning has been traditionally applied to address related problems, recent works also seek ways to integrate knowledge engineering in order to expand the level of intelligence of the visual interpretation of objects, their properties and their relations with their environment. In this paper, we attempt a systematic investigation of how knowledge-based methods contribute to diverse object perception tasks. We review the latest achievements and identify prominent research directions.	309
What does supervision exactly mean in the context of supervised machine learning?	Nonparametric Divergence Estimation with Applications to Machine   Learning on Distributions  Low-dimensional embedding, manifold learning, clustering, classification, and anomaly detection are among the most important problems in machine learning. The existing methods usually consider the case when each instance has a fixed, finite-dimensional feature representation. Here we consider a different setting. We assume that each instance corresponds to a continuous probability distribution. These distributions are unknown, but we are given some i.i.d. samples from each distribution. Our goal is to estimate the distances between these distributions and use these distances to perform low-dimensional embedding, clustering/classification, or anomaly detection for the distributions. We present estimation algorithms, describe how to apply them for machine learning tasks on distributions, and show empirical results on synthetic data, real word images, and astronomical data sets.	Nonparametric Divergence Estimation with Applications to Machine   Learning on Distributions  Low-dimensional embedding, manifold learning, clustering, classification, and anomaly detection are among the most important problems in machine learning. The existing methods usually consider the case when each instance has a fixed, finite-dimensional feature representation. Here we consider a different setting. We assume that each instance corresponds to a continuous probability distribution. These distributions are unknown, but we are given some i.i.d. samples from each distribution. Our goal is to estimate the distances between these distributions and use these distances to perform low-dimensional embedding, clustering/classification, or anomaly detection for the distributions. We present estimation algorithms, describe how to apply them for machine learning tasks on distributions, and show empirical results on synthetic data, real word images, and astronomical data sets.	322
Why isnt supervised machine learning more automated?	Towards Machine Learning Induction  Induction lies at the heart of mathematics and computer science. However, automated theorem proving of inductive problems is still limited in its power. In this abstract, we first summarize our progress in automating inductive theorem proving for Isabelle/HOL. Then, we present MeLoId, our approach to suggesting promising applications of induction without completing a proof search.	Towards Machine Learning Induction  Induction lies at the heart of mathematics and computer science. However, automated theorem proving of inductive problems is still limited in its power. In this abstract, we first summarize our progress in automating inductive theorem proving for Isabelle/HOL. Then, we present MeLoId, our approach to suggesting promising applications of induction without completing a proof search.	421
Why isnt supervised machine learning more automated?	Self-configuration from a Machine-Learning Perspective  The goal of machine learning is to provide solutions which are trained by data or by experience coming from the environment. Many training algorithms exist and some brilliant successes were achieved. But even in structured environments for machine learning (e.g. data mining or board games), most applications beyond the level of toy problems need careful hand-tuning or human ingenuity (i.e. detection of interesting patterns) or both. We discuss several aspects how self-configuration can help to alleviate these problems. One aspect is the self-configuration by tuning of algorithms, where recent advances have been made in the area of SPO (Sequen- tial Parameter Optimization). Another aspect is the self-configuration by pattern detection or feature construction. Forming multiple features (e.g. random boolean functions) and using algorithms (e.g. random forests) which easily digest many fea- tures can largely increase learning speed. However, a full-fledged theory of feature construction is not yet available and forms a current barrier in machine learning. We discuss several ideas for systematic inclusion of feature construction. This may lead to partly self-configuring machine learning solutions which show robustness, flexibility, and fast learning in potentially changing environments.	Self-configuration from a Machine-Learning Perspective  The goal of machine learning is to provide solutions which are trained by data or by experience coming from the environment. Many training algorithms exist and some brilliant successes were achieved. But even in structured environments for machine learning (e.g. data mining or board games), most applications beyond the level of toy problems need careful hand-tuning or human ingenuity (i.e. detection of interesting patterns) or both. We discuss several aspects how self-configuration can help to alleviate these problems. One aspect is the self-configuration by tuning of algorithms, where recent advances have been made in the area of SPO (Sequen- tial Parameter Optimization). Another aspect is the self-configuration by pattern detection or feature construction. Forming multiple features (e.g. random boolean functions) and using algorithms (e.g. random forests) which easily digest many fea- tures can largely increase learning speed. However, a full-fledged theory of feature construction is not yet available and forms a current barrier in machine learning. We discuss several ideas for systematic inclusion of feature construction. This may lead to partly self-configuring machine learning solutions which show robustness, flexibility, and fast learning in potentially changing environments.	425
Why isnt supervised machine learning more automated?	Automated Architecture Design for Deep Neural Networks  Machine learning has made tremendous progress in recent years and received large amounts of public attention. Though we are still far from designing a full artificially intelligent agent, machine learning has brought us many applications in which computers solve human learning tasks remarkably well. Much of this progress comes from a recent trend within machine learning, called deep learning. Deep learning models are responsible for many state-of-the-art applications of machine learning. Despite their success, deep learning models are hard to train, very difficult to understand, and often times so complex that training is only possible on very large GPU clusters. Lots of work has been done on enabling neural networks to learn efficiently. However, the design and architecture of such neural networks is often done manually through trial and error and expert knowledge. This thesis inspects different approaches, existing and novel, to automate the design of deep feedforward neural networks in an attempt to create less complex models with good performance that take away the burden of deciding on an architecture and make it more efficient to design and train such deep networks.	Automated Architecture Design for Deep Neural Networks  Machine learning has made tremendous progress in recent years and received large amounts of public attention. Though we are still far from designing a full artificially intelligent agent, machine learning has brought us many applications in which computers solve human learning tasks remarkably well. Much of this progress comes from a recent trend within machine learning, called deep learning. Deep learning models are responsible for many state-of-the-art applications of machine learning. Despite their success, deep learning models are hard to train, very difficult to understand, and often times so complex that training is only possible on very large GPU clusters. Lots of work has been done on enabling neural networks to learn efficiently. However, the design and architecture of such neural networks is often done manually through trial and error and expert knowledge. This thesis inspects different approaches, existing and novel, to automate the design of deep feedforward neural networks in an attempt to create less complex models with good performance that take away the burden of deciding on an architecture and make it more efficient to design and train such deep networks.	423
Why isnt supervised machine learning more automated?	Automated Machine Learning in Practice: State of the Art and Recent   Results  A main driver behind the digitization of industry and society is the belief that data-driven model building and decision making can contribute to higher degrees of automation and more informed decisions. Building such models from data often involves the application of some form of machine learning. Thus, there is an ever growing demand in work force with the necessary skill set to do so. This demand has given rise to a new research topic concerned with fitting machine learning models fully automatically - AutoML. This paper gives an overview of the state of the art in AutoML with a focus on practical applicability in a business context, and provides recent benchmark results on the most important AutoML algorithms.	Automated Machine Learning in Practice: State of the Art and Recent   Results  A main driver behind the digitization of industry and society is the belief that data-driven model building and decision making can contribute to higher degrees of automation and more informed decisions. Building such models from data often involves the application of some form of machine learning. Thus, there is an ever growing demand in work force with the necessary skill set to do so. This demand has given rise to a new research topic concerned with fitting machine learning models fully automatically - AutoML. This paper gives an overview of the state of the art in AutoML with a focus on practical applicability in a business context, and provides recent benchmark results on the most important AutoML algorithms.	432
Why isnt supervised machine learning more automated?	Machine Learning for Combinatorial Optimization: a Methodological Tour   d'Horizon  This paper surveys the recent attempts, both from the machine learning and operations research communities, at leveraging machine learning to solve combinatorial optimization problems. Given the hard nature of these problems, state-of-the-art algorithms rely on handcrafted heuristics for making decisions that are otherwise too expensive to compute or mathematically not well defined. Thus, machine learning looks like a natural candidate to make such decisions in a more principled and optimized way. We advocate for pushing further the integration of machine learning and combinatorial optimization and detail a methodology to do so. A main point of the paper is seeing generic optimization problems as data points and inquiring what is the relevant distribution of problems to use for learning on a given task.	Machine Learning for Combinatorial Optimization: a Methodological Tour   d'Horizon  This paper surveys the recent attempts, both from the machine learning and operations research communities, at leveraging machine learning to solve combinatorial optimization problems. Given the hard nature of these problems, state-of-the-art algorithms rely on handcrafted heuristics for making decisions that are otherwise too expensive to compute or mathematically not well defined. Thus, machine learning looks like a natural candidate to make such decisions in a more principled and optimized way. We advocate for pushing further the integration of machine learning and combinatorial optimization and detail a methodology to do so. A main point of the paper is seeing generic optimization problems as data points and inquiring what is the relevant distribution of problems to use for learning on a given task.	414
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a supervised learning machine?	Automatic differentiation in machine learning: a survey  Derivatives, mostly in the form of gradients and Hessians, are ubiquitous in machine learning. Automatic differentiation (AD), also called algorithmic differentiation or simply "autodiff", is a family of techniques similar to but more general than backpropagation for efficiently and accurately evaluating derivatives of numeric functions expressed as computer programs. AD is a small but established field with applications in areas including computational fluid dynamics, atmospheric sciences, and engineering design optimization. Until very recently, the fields of machine learning and AD have largely been unaware of each other and, in some cases, have independently discovered each other's results. Despite its relevance, general-purpose AD has been missing from the machine learning toolbox, a situation slowly changing with its ongoing adoption under the names "dynamic computational graphs" and "differentiable programming". We survey the intersection of AD and machine learning, cover applications where AD has direct relevance, and address the main implementation techniques. By precisely defining the main differentiation techniques and their interrelationships, we aim to bring clarity to the usage of the terms "autodiff", "automatic differentiation", and "symbolic differentiation" as these are encountered more and more in machine learning settings.	Automatic differentiation in machine learning: a survey  Derivatives, mostly in the form of gradients and Hessians, are ubiquitous in machine learning. Automatic differentiation (AD), also called algorithmic differentiation or simply "autodiff", is a family of techniques similar to but more general than backpropagation for efficiently and accurately evaluating derivatives of numeric functions expressed as computer programs. AD is a small but established field with applications in areas including computational fluid dynamics, atmospheric sciences, and engineering design optimization. Until very recently, the fields of machine learning and AD have largely been unaware of each other and, in some cases, have independently discovered each other's results. Despite its relevance, general-purpose AD has been missing from the machine learning toolbox, a situation slowly changing with its ongoing adoption under the names "dynamic computational graphs" and "differentiable programming". We survey the intersection of AD and machine learning, cover applications where AD has direct relevance, and address the main implementation techniques. By precisely defining the main differentiation techniques and their interrelationships, we aim to bring clarity to the usage of the terms "autodiff", "automatic differentiation", and "symbolic differentiation" as these are encountered more and more in machine learning settings.	335
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a supervised learning machine?	The Case for Meta-Cognitive Machine Learning: On Model Entropy and   Concept Formation in Deep Learning  Machine learning is usually defined in behaviourist terms, where external validation is the primary mechanism of learning. In this paper, I argue for a more holistic interpretation in which finding more probable, efficient and abstract representations is as central to learning as performance. In other words, machine learning should be extended with strategies to reason over its own learning process, leading to so-called meta-cognitive machine learning. As such, the de facto definition of machine learning should be reformulated in these intrinsically multi-objective terms, taking into account not only the task performance but also internal learning objectives. To this end, we suggest a "model entropy function" to be defined that quantifies the efficiency of the internal learning processes. It is conjured that the minimization of this model entropy leads to concept formation. Besides philosophical aspects, some initial illustrations are included to support the claims.	The Case for Meta-Cognitive Machine Learning: On Model Entropy and   Concept Formation in Deep Learning  Machine learning is usually defined in behaviourist terms, where external validation is the primary mechanism of learning. In this paper, I argue for a more holistic interpretation in which finding more probable, efficient and abstract representations is as central to learning as performance. In other words, machine learning should be extended with strategies to reason over its own learning process, leading to so-called meta-cognitive machine learning. As such, the de facto definition of machine learning should be reformulated in these intrinsically multi-objective terms, taking into account not only the task performance but also internal learning objectives. To this end, we suggest a "model entropy function" to be defined that quantifies the efficiency of the internal learning processes. It is conjured that the minimization of this model entropy leads to concept formation. Besides philosophical aspects, some initial illustrations are included to support the claims.	332
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a supervised learning machine?	Efficient Machine Learning for Big Data: A Review  With the emerging technologies and all associated devices, it is predicted that massive amount of data will be created in the next few years, in fact, as much as 90% of current data were created in the last couple of years,a trend that will continue for the foreseeable future. Sustainable computing studies the process by which computer engineer/scientist designs computers and associated subsystems efficiently and effectively with minimal impact on the environment. However, current intelligent machine-learning systems are performance driven, the focus is on the predictive/classification accuracy, based on known properties learned from the training samples. For instance, most machine-learning-based nonparametric models are known to require high computational cost in order to find the global optima. With the learning task in a large dataset, the number of hidden nodes within the network will therefore increase significantly, which eventually leads to an exponential rise in computational complexity. This paper thus reviews the theoretical and experimental data-modeling literature, in large-scale data-intensive fields, relating to: (1) model efficiency, including computational requirements in learning, and data-intensive areas structure and design, and introduces (2) new algorithmic approaches with the least memory requirements and processing to minimize computational cost, while maintaining/improving its predictive/classification accuracy and stability.	Efficient Machine Learning for Big Data: A Review  With the emerging technologies and all associated devices, it is predicted that massive amount of data will be created in the next few years, in fact, as much as 90% of current data were created in the last couple of years,a trend that will continue for the foreseeable future. Sustainable computing studies the process by which computer engineer/scientist designs computers and associated subsystems efficiently and effectively with minimal impact on the environment. However, current intelligent machine-learning systems are performance driven, the focus is on the predictive/classification accuracy, based on known properties learned from the training samples. For instance, most machine-learning-based nonparametric models are known to require high computational cost in order to find the global optima. With the learning task in a large dataset, the number of hidden nodes within the network will therefore increase significantly, which eventually leads to an exponential rise in computational complexity. This paper thus reviews the theoretical and experimental data-modeling literature, in large-scale data-intensive fields, relating to: (1) model efficiency, including computational requirements in learning, and data-intensive areas structure and design, and introduces (2) new algorithmic approaches with the least memory requirements and processing to minimize computational cost, while maintaining/improving its predictive/classification accuracy and stability.	333
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a supervised learning machine?	On-Device Machine Learning: An Algorithms and Learning Theory   Perspective  The predominant paradigm for using machine learning models on a device is to train a model in the cloud and perform inference using the trained model on the device. However, with increasing number of smart devices and improved hardware, there is interest in performing model training on the device. Given this surge in interest, a comprehensive survey of the field from a device-agnostic perspective sets the stage for both understanding the state-of-the-art and for identifying open challenges and future avenues of research. However, on-device learning is an expansive field with connections to a large number of related topics in AI and machine learning (including online learning, model adaptation, one/few-shot learning, etc.). Hence, covering such a large number of topics in a single survey is impractical. This survey finds a middle ground by reformulating the problem of on-device learning as resource constrained learning where the resources are compute and memory. This reformulation allows tools, techniques, and algorithms from a wide variety of research areas to be compared equitably. In addition to summarizing the state-of-the-art, the survey also identifies a number of challenges and next steps for both the algorithmic and theoretical aspects of on-device learning.	On-Device Machine Learning: An Algorithms and Learning Theory   Perspective  The predominant paradigm for using machine learning models on a device is to train a model in the cloud and perform inference using the trained model on the device. However, with increasing number of smart devices and improved hardware, there is interest in performing model training on the device. Given this surge in interest, a comprehensive survey of the field from a device-agnostic perspective sets the stage for both understanding the state-of-the-art and for identifying open challenges and future avenues of research. However, on-device learning is an expansive field with connections to a large number of related topics in AI and machine learning (including online learning, model adaptation, one/few-shot learning, etc.). Hence, covering such a large number of topics in a single survey is impractical. This survey finds a middle ground by reformulating the problem of on-device learning as resource constrained learning where the resources are compute and memory. This reformulation allows tools, techniques, and algorithms from a wide variety of research areas to be compared equitably. In addition to summarizing the state-of-the-art, the survey also identifies a number of challenges and next steps for both the algorithmic and theoretical aspects of on-device learning.	324
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a supervised learning machine?	A New Perspective on Machine Learning: How to do Perfect Supervised   Learning  In this work, we introduce the concept of bandlimiting into the theory of machine learning because all physical processes are bandlimited by nature, including real-world machine learning tasks. After the bandlimiting constraint is taken into account, our theoretical analysis has shown that all practical machine learning tasks are asymptotically solvable in a perfect sense. Furthermore, the key towards this solvability almost solely relies on two factors: i) a sufficiently large amount of training samples beyond a threshold determined by a difficulty measurement of the underlying task; ii) a sufficiently complex and bandlimited model. Moreover, for some special cases, we have derived new error bounds for perfect learning, which can quantify the difficulty of learning. These generalization bounds are not only asymptotically convergent but also irrelevant to model complexity. Our new results on generalization have provided a new perspective to explain the recent successes of large-scale supervised learning using complex models like neural networks.	A New Perspective on Machine Learning: How to do Perfect Supervised   Learning  In this work, we introduce the concept of bandlimiting into the theory of machine learning because all physical processes are bandlimited by nature, including real-world machine learning tasks. After the bandlimiting constraint is taken into account, our theoretical analysis has shown that all practical machine learning tasks are asymptotically solvable in a perfect sense. Furthermore, the key towards this solvability almost solely relies on two factors: i) a sufficiently large amount of training samples beyond a threshold determined by a difficulty measurement of the underlying task; ii) a sufficiently complex and bandlimited model. Moreover, for some special cases, we have derived new error bounds for perfect learning, which can quantify the difficulty of learning. These generalization bounds are not only asymptotically convergent but also irrelevant to model complexity. Our new results on generalization have provided a new perspective to explain the recent successes of large-scale supervised learning using complex models like neural networks.	337
What are the main supervised machine learning methods?	TherML: Thermodynamics of Machine Learning  In this work we offer a framework for reasoning about a wide class of existing objectives in machine learning. We develop a formal correspondence between this work and thermodynamics and discuss its implications.	TherML: Thermodynamics of Machine Learning  In this work we offer a framework for reasoning about a wide class of existing objectives in machine learning. We develop a formal correspondence between this work and thermodynamics and discuss its implications.	353
What are the main supervised machine learning methods?	Machine Learning vs Statistical Methods for Time Series Forecasting:   Size Matters  Time series forecasting is one of the most active research topics. Machine learning methods have been increasingly adopted to solve these predictive tasks. However, in a recent work, these were shown to systematically present a lower predictive performance relative to simple statistical methods. In this work, we counter these results. We show that these are only valid under an extremely low sample size. Using a learning curve method, our results suggest that machine learning methods improve their relative predictive performance as the sample size grows. The code to reproduce the experiments is available at https://github.com/vcerqueira/MLforForecasting.	Machine Learning vs Statistical Methods for Time Series Forecasting:   Size Matters  Time series forecasting is one of the most active research topics. Machine learning methods have been increasingly adopted to solve these predictive tasks. However, in a recent work, these were shown to systematically present a lower predictive performance relative to simple statistical methods. In this work, we counter these results. We show that these are only valid under an extremely low sample size. Using a learning curve method, our results suggest that machine learning methods improve their relative predictive performance as the sample size grows. The code to reproduce the experiments is available at https://github.com/vcerqueira/MLforForecasting.	370
What are the main supervised machine learning methods?	A machine learning framework for computationally expensive transient   models  The promise of machine learning has been explored in a variety of scientific disciplines in the last few years, however, its application on first-principles based computationally expensive tools is still in nascent stage. Even with the advances in computational resources and power, transient simulations of large-scale dynamic systems using a variety of the first-principles based computational tools are still limited. In this work, we propose an ensemble approach where we combine one such computationally expensive tool, called discrete element method (DEM), with a time-series forecasting method called auto-regressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) and machine-learning methods to significantly reduce the computational burden while retaining model accuracy and performance. The developed machine-learning model shows good predictability and agreement with the literature, demonstrating its tremendous potential in scientific computing.	A machine learning framework for computationally expensive transient   models  The promise of machine learning has been explored in a variety of scientific disciplines in the last few years, however, its application on first-principles based computationally expensive tools is still in nascent stage. Even with the advances in computational resources and power, transient simulations of large-scale dynamic systems using a variety of the first-principles based computational tools are still limited. In this work, we propose an ensemble approach where we combine one such computationally expensive tool, called discrete element method (DEM), with a time-series forecasting method called auto-regressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) and machine-learning methods to significantly reduce the computational burden while retaining model accuracy and performance. The developed machine-learning model shows good predictability and agreement with the literature, demonstrating its tremendous potential in scientific computing.	381
What are the main supervised machine learning methods?	Machine Learning in Network Centrality Measures: Tutorial and Outlook  Complex networks are ubiquitous to several Computer Science domains. Centrality measures are an important analysis mechanism to uncover vital elements of complex networks. However, these metrics have high computational costs and requirements that hinder their applications in large real-world networks. In this tutorial, we explain how the use of neural network learning algorithms can render the application of the metrics in complex networks of arbitrary size. Moreover, the tutorial describes how to identify the best configuration for neural network training and learning such for tasks, besides presenting an easy way to generate and acquire training data. We do so by means of a general methodology, using complex network models adaptable to any application. We show that a regression model generated by the neural network successfully approximates the metric values and therefore are a robust, effective alternative in real-world applications. The methodology and proposed machine learning model use only a fraction of time with respect to other approximation algorithms, which is crucial in complex network applications.	Machine Learning in Network Centrality Measures: Tutorial and Outlook  Complex networks are ubiquitous to several Computer Science domains. Centrality measures are an important analysis mechanism to uncover vital elements of complex networks. However, these metrics have high computational costs and requirements that hinder their applications in large real-world networks. In this tutorial, we explain how the use of neural network learning algorithms can render the application of the metrics in complex networks of arbitrary size. Moreover, the tutorial describes how to identify the best configuration for neural network training and learning such for tasks, besides presenting an easy way to generate and acquire training data. We do so by means of a general methodology, using complex network models adaptable to any application. We show that a regression model generated by the neural network successfully approximates the metric values and therefore are a robust, effective alternative in real-world applications. The methodology and proposed machine learning model use only a fraction of time with respect to other approximation algorithms, which is crucial in complex network applications.	383
What are the main supervised machine learning methods?	Machine Learning for Combinatorial Optimization: a Methodological Tour   d'Horizon  This paper surveys the recent attempts, both from the machine learning and operations research communities, at leveraging machine learning to solve combinatorial optimization problems. Given the hard nature of these problems, state-of-the-art algorithms rely on handcrafted heuristics for making decisions that are otherwise too expensive to compute or mathematically not well defined. Thus, machine learning looks like a natural candidate to make such decisions in a more principled and optimized way. We advocate for pushing further the integration of machine learning and combinatorial optimization and detail a methodology to do so. A main point of the paper is seeing generic optimization problems as data points and inquiring what is the relevant distribution of problems to use for learning on a given task.	Machine Learning for Combinatorial Optimization: a Methodological Tour   d'Horizon  This paper surveys the recent attempts, both from the machine learning and operations research communities, at leveraging machine learning to solve combinatorial optimization problems. Given the hard nature of these problems, state-of-the-art algorithms rely on handcrafted heuristics for making decisions that are otherwise too expensive to compute or mathematically not well defined. Thus, machine learning looks like a natural candidate to make such decisions in a more principled and optimized way. We advocate for pushing further the integration of machine learning and combinatorial optimization and detail a methodology to do so. A main point of the paper is seeing generic optimization problems as data points and inquiring what is the relevant distribution of problems to use for learning on a given task.	377
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms?	Toward Supervised Anomaly Detection  Anomaly detection is being regarded as an unsupervised learning task as anomalies stem from adversarial or unlikely events with unknown distributions. However, the predictive performance of purely unsupervised anomaly detection often fails to match the required detection rates in many tasks and there exists a need for labeled data to guide the model generation. Our first contribution shows that classical semi-supervised approaches, originating from a supervised classifier, are inappropriate and hardly detect new and unknown anomalies. We argue that semi-supervised anomaly detection needs to ground on the unsupervised learning paradigm and devise a novel algorithm that meets this requirement. Although being intrinsically non-convex, we further show that the optimization problem has a convex equivalent under relatively mild assumptions. Additionally, we propose an active learning strategy to automatically filter candidates for labeling. In an empirical study on network intrusion detection data, we observe that the proposed learning methodology requires much less labeled data than the state-of-the-art, while achieving higher detection accuracies.	Toward Supervised Anomaly Detection  Anomaly detection is being regarded as an unsupervised learning task as anomalies stem from adversarial or unlikely events with unknown distributions. However, the predictive performance of purely unsupervised anomaly detection often fails to match the required detection rates in many tasks and there exists a need for labeled data to guide the model generation. Our first contribution shows that classical semi-supervised approaches, originating from a supervised classifier, are inappropriate and hardly detect new and unknown anomalies. We argue that semi-supervised anomaly detection needs to ground on the unsupervised learning paradigm and devise a novel algorithm that meets this requirement. Although being intrinsically non-convex, we further show that the optimization problem has a convex equivalent under relatively mild assumptions. Additionally, we propose an active learning strategy to automatically filter candidates for labeling. In an empirical study on network intrusion detection data, we observe that the proposed learning methodology requires much less labeled data than the state-of-the-art, while achieving higher detection accuracies.	321
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms?	Backpropagation and Biological Plausibility  By and large, Backpropagation (BP) is regarded as one of the most important neural computation algorithms at the basis of the progress in machine learning, including the recent advances in deep learning. However, its computational structure has been the source of many debates on its arguable biological plausibility. In this paper, it is shown that when framing supervised learning in the Lagrangian framework, while one can see a natural emergence of Backpropagation, biologically plausible local algorithms can also be devised that are based on the search for saddle points in the learning adjoint space composed of weights, neural outputs, and Lagrangian multipliers. This might open the doors to a truly novel class of learning algorithms where, because of the introduction of the notion of support neurons, the optimization scheme also plays a fundamental role in the construction of the architecture.	Backpropagation and Biological Plausibility  By and large, Backpropagation (BP) is regarded as one of the most important neural computation algorithms at the basis of the progress in machine learning, including the recent advances in deep learning. However, its computational structure has been the source of many debates on its arguable biological plausibility. In this paper, it is shown that when framing supervised learning in the Lagrangian framework, while one can see a natural emergence of Backpropagation, biologically plausible local algorithms can also be devised that are based on the search for saddle points in the learning adjoint space composed of weights, neural outputs, and Lagrangian multipliers. This might open the doors to a truly novel class of learning algorithms where, because of the introduction of the notion of support neurons, the optimization scheme also plays a fundamental role in the construction of the architecture.	324
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms?	Example Selection For Dictionary Learning  In unsupervised learning, an unbiased uniform sampling strategy is typically used, in order that the learned features faithfully encode the statistical structure of the training data. In this work, we explore whether active example selection strategies - algorithms that select which examples to use, based on the current estimate of the features - can accelerate learning. Specifically, we investigate effects of heuristic and saliency-inspired selection algorithms on the dictionary learning task with sparse activations. We show that some selection algorithms do improve the speed of learning, and we speculate on why they might work.	Example Selection For Dictionary Learning  In unsupervised learning, an unbiased uniform sampling strategy is typically used, in order that the learned features faithfully encode the statistical structure of the training data. In this work, we explore whether active example selection strategies - algorithms that select which examples to use, based on the current estimate of the features - can accelerate learning. Specifically, we investigate effects of heuristic and saliency-inspired selection algorithms on the dictionary learning task with sparse activations. We show that some selection algorithms do improve the speed of learning, and we speculate on why they might work.	321
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms?	A Review of Semi Supervised Learning Theories and Recent Advances  Semi-supervised learning, which has emerged from the beginning of this century, is a new type of learning method between traditional supervised learning and unsupervised learning. The main idea of semi-supervised learning is to introduce unlabeled samples into the model training process to avoid performance (or model) degeneration due to insufficiency of labeled samples. Semi-supervised learning has been applied successfully in many fields. This paper reviews the development process and main theories of semi-supervised learning, as well as its recent advances and importance in solving real-world problems demonstrated by typical application examples.	A Review of Semi Supervised Learning Theories and Recent Advances  Semi-supervised learning, which has emerged from the beginning of this century, is a new type of learning method between traditional supervised learning and unsupervised learning. The main idea of semi-supervised learning is to introduce unlabeled samples into the model training process to avoid performance (or model) degeneration due to insufficiency of labeled samples. Semi-supervised learning has been applied successfully in many fields. This paper reviews the development process and main theories of semi-supervised learning, as well as its recent advances and importance in solving real-world problems demonstrated by typical application examples.	320
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms?	Unsupervised Feature Learning from Temporal Data  Current state-of-the-art classification and detection algorithms rely on supervised training. In this work we study unsupervised feature learning in the context of temporally coherent video data. We focus on feature learning from unlabeled video data, using the assumption that adjacent video frames contain semantically similar information. This assumption is exploited to train a convolutional pooling auto-encoder regularized by slowness and sparsity. We establish a connection between slow feature learning to metric learning and show that the trained encoder can be used to define a more temporally and semantically coherent metric.	Unsupervised Feature Learning from Temporal Data  Current state-of-the-art classification and detection algorithms rely on supervised training. In this work we study unsupervised feature learning in the context of temporally coherent video data. We focus on feature learning from unlabeled video data, using the assumption that adjacent video frames contain semantically similar information. This assumption is exploited to train a convolutional pooling auto-encoder regularized by slowness and sparsity. We establish a connection between slow feature learning to metric learning and show that the trained encoder can be used to define a more temporally and semantically coherent metric.	323
How do I learn reinforcement learning?	Curriculum Learning for Handwritten Text Line Recognition  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) have recently achieved the best performance in off-line Handwriting Text Recognition. At the same time, learning RNN by gradient descent leads to slow convergence, and training times are particularly long when the training database consists of full lines of text. In this paper, we propose an easy way to accelerate stochastic gradient descent in this set-up, and in the general context of learning to recognize sequences. The principle is called Curriculum Learning, or shaping. The idea is to first learn to recognize short sequences before training on all available training sequences. Experiments on three different handwritten text databases (Rimes, IAM, OpenHaRT) show that a simple implementation of this strategy can significantly speed up the training of RNN for Text Recognition, and even significantly improve performance in some cases.	Curriculum Learning for Handwritten Text Line Recognition  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) have recently achieved the best performance in off-line Handwriting Text Recognition. At the same time, learning RNN by gradient descent leads to slow convergence, and training times are particularly long when the training database consists of full lines of text. In this paper, we propose an easy way to accelerate stochastic gradient descent in this set-up, and in the general context of learning to recognize sequences. The principle is called Curriculum Learning, or shaping. The idea is to first learn to recognize short sequences before training on all available training sequences. Experiments on three different handwritten text databases (Rimes, IAM, OpenHaRT) show that a simple implementation of this strategy can significantly speed up the training of RNN for Text Recognition, and even significantly improve performance in some cases.	400
How do I learn reinforcement learning?	Learning to Learn: Meta-Critic Networks for Sample Efficient Learning  We propose a novel and flexible approach to meta-learning for learning-to-learn from only a few examples. Our framework is motivated by actor-critic reinforcement learning, but can be applied to both reinforcement and supervised learning. The key idea is to learn a meta-critic: an action-value function neural network that learns to criticise any actor trying to solve any specified task. For supervised learning, this corresponds to the novel idea of a trainable task-parametrised loss generator. This meta-critic approach provides a route to knowledge transfer that can flexibly deal with few-shot and semi-supervised conditions for both reinforcement and supervised learning. Promising results are shown on both reinforcement and supervised learning problems.	Learning to Learn: Meta-Critic Networks for Sample Efficient Learning  We propose a novel and flexible approach to meta-learning for learning-to-learn from only a few examples. Our framework is motivated by actor-critic reinforcement learning, but can be applied to both reinforcement and supervised learning. The key idea is to learn a meta-critic: an action-value function neural network that learns to criticise any actor trying to solve any specified task. For supervised learning, this corresponds to the novel idea of a trainable task-parametrised loss generator. This meta-critic approach provides a route to knowledge transfer that can flexibly deal with few-shot and semi-supervised conditions for both reinforcement and supervised learning. Promising results are shown on both reinforcement and supervised learning problems.	400
How do I learn reinforcement learning?	Dictionary Learning by Dynamical Neural Networks  A dynamical neural network consists of a set of interconnected neurons that interact over time continuously. It can exhibit computational properties in the sense that the dynamical system's evolution and/or limit points in the associated state space can correspond to numerical solutions to certain mathematical optimization or learning problems. Such a computational system is particularly attractive in that it can be mapped to a massively parallel computer architecture for power and throughput efficiency, especially if each neuron can rely solely on local information (i.e., local memory). Deriving gradients from the dynamical network's various states while conforming to this last constraint, however, is challenging. We show that by combining ideas of top-down feedback and contrastive learning, a dynamical network for solving the l1-minimizing dictionary learning problem can be constructed, and the true gradients for learning are provably computable by individual neurons. Using spiking neurons to construct our dynamical network, we present a learning process, its rigorous mathematical analysis, and numerical results on several dictionary learning problems.	Dictionary Learning by Dynamical Neural Networks  A dynamical neural network consists of a set of interconnected neurons that interact over time continuously. It can exhibit computational properties in the sense that the dynamical system's evolution and/or limit points in the associated state space can correspond to numerical solutions to certain mathematical optimization or learning problems. Such a computational system is particularly attractive in that it can be mapped to a massively parallel computer architecture for power and throughput efficiency, especially if each neuron can rely solely on local information (i.e., local memory). Deriving gradients from the dynamical network's various states while conforming to this last constraint, however, is challenging. We show that by combining ideas of top-down feedback and contrastive learning, a dynamical network for solving the l1-minimizing dictionary learning problem can be constructed, and the true gradients for learning are provably computable by individual neurons. Using spiking neurons to construct our dynamical network, we present a learning process, its rigorous mathematical analysis, and numerical results on several dictionary learning problems.	402
How do I learn reinforcement learning?	Dex: Incremental Learning for Complex Environments in Deep Reinforcement   Learning  This paper introduces Dex, a reinforcement learning environment toolkit specialized for training and evaluation of continual learning methods as well as general reinforcement learning problems. We also present the novel continual learning method of incremental learning, where a challenging environment is solved using optimal weight initialization learned from first solving a similar easier environment. We show that incremental learning can produce vastly superior results than standard methods by providing a strong baseline method across ten Dex environments. We finally develop a saliency method for qualitative analysis of reinforcement learning, which shows the impact incremental learning has on network attention.	Dex: Incremental Learning for Complex Environments in Deep Reinforcement   Learning  This paper introduces Dex, a reinforcement learning environment toolkit specialized for training and evaluation of continual learning methods as well as general reinforcement learning problems. We also present the novel continual learning method of incremental learning, where a challenging environment is solved using optimal weight initialization learned from first solving a similar easier environment. We show that incremental learning can produce vastly superior results than standard methods by providing a strong baseline method across ten Dex environments. We finally develop a saliency method for qualitative analysis of reinforcement learning, which shows the impact incremental learning has on network attention.	394
How do I learn reinforcement learning?	Learning to Learn How to Learn: Self-Adaptive Visual Navigation Using   Meta-Learning  Learning is an inherently continuous phenomenon. When humans learn a new task there is no explicit distinction between training and inference. As we learn a task, we keep learning about it while performing the task. What we learn and how we learn it varies during different stages of learning. Learning how to learn and adapt is a key property that enables us to generalize effortlessly to new settings. This is in contrast with conventional settings in machine learning where a trained model is frozen during inference. In this paper we study the problem of learning to learn at both training and test time in the context of visual navigation. A fundamental challenge in navigation is generalization to unseen scenes. In this paper we propose a self-adaptive visual navigation method (SAVN) which learns to adapt to new environments without any explicit supervision. Our solution is a meta-reinforcement learning approach where an agent learns a self-supervised interaction loss that encourages effective navigation. Our experiments, performed in the AI2-THOR framework, show major improvements in both success rate and SPL for visual navigation in novel scenes. Our code and data are available at: https://github.com/allenai/savn .	Learning to Learn How to Learn: Self-Adaptive Visual Navigation Using   Meta-Learning  Learning is an inherently continuous phenomenon. When humans learn a new task there is no explicit distinction between training and inference. As we learn a task, we keep learning about it while performing the task. What we learn and how we learn it varies during different stages of learning. Learning how to learn and adapt is a key property that enables us to generalize effortlessly to new settings. This is in contrast with conventional settings in machine learning where a trained model is frozen during inference. In this paper we study the problem of learning to learn at both training and test time in the context of visual navigation. A fundamental challenge in navigation is generalization to unseen scenes. In this paper we propose a self-adaptive visual navigation method (SAVN) which learns to adapt to new environments without any explicit supervision. Our solution is a meta-reinforcement learning approach where an agent learns a self-supervised interaction loss that encourages effective navigation. Our experiments, performed in the AI2-THOR framework, show major improvements in both success rate and SPL for visual navigation in novel scenes. Our code and data are available at: https://github.com/allenai/savn .	399
Whats the best way and what are the best resources to start learning about deep reinforcement learning?	A Selective Overview of Deep Learning  Deep learning has arguably achieved tremendous success in recent years. In simple words, deep learning uses the composition of many nonlinear functions to model the complex dependency between input features and labels. While neural networks have a long history, recent advances have greatly improved their performance in computer vision, natural language processing, etc. From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e.g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	A Selective Overview of Deep Learning  Deep learning has arguably achieved tremendous success in recent years. In simple words, deep learning uses the composition of many nonlinear functions to model the complex dependency between input features and labels. While neural networks have a long history, recent advances have greatly improved their performance in computer vision, natural language processing, etc. From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e.g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	348
Whats the best way and what are the best resources to start learning about deep reinforcement learning?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	325
Whats the best way and what are the best resources to start learning about deep reinforcement learning?	Deep Learning for Sensor-based Human Activity Recognition: Overview,   Challenges and Opportunities  The vast proliferation of sensor devices and Internet of Things enables the applications of sensor-based activity recognition. However, there exist substantial challenges that could influence the performance of the recognition system in practical scenarios. Recently, as deep learning has demonstrated its effectiveness in many areas, plenty of deep methods have been investigated to address the challenges in activity recognition. In this study, we present a survey of the state-of-the-art deep learning methods for sensor-based human activity recognition. We first introduce the multi-modality of the sensory data and provide information for public datasets that can be used for evaluation in different challenge tasks. We then propose a new taxonomy to structure the deep methods by challenges. Challenges and challenge-related deep methods are summarized and analyzed to form an overview of the current research progress. At the end of this work, we discuss the open issues and provide some insights for future directions.	Deep Learning for Sensor-based Human Activity Recognition: Overview,   Challenges and Opportunities  The vast proliferation of sensor devices and Internet of Things enables the applications of sensor-based activity recognition. However, there exist substantial challenges that could influence the performance of the recognition system in practical scenarios. Recently, as deep learning has demonstrated its effectiveness in many areas, plenty of deep methods have been investigated to address the challenges in activity recognition. In this study, we present a survey of the state-of-the-art deep learning methods for sensor-based human activity recognition. We first introduce the multi-modality of the sensory data and provide information for public datasets that can be used for evaluation in different challenge tasks. We then propose a new taxonomy to structure the deep methods by challenges. Challenges and challenge-related deep methods are summarized and analyzed to form an overview of the current research progress. At the end of this work, we discuss the open issues and provide some insights for future directions.	348
Whats the best way and what are the best resources to start learning about deep reinforcement learning?	Visual Analytics in Deep Learning: An Interrogative Survey for the Next   Frontiers  Deep learning has recently seen rapid development and received significant attention due to its state-of-the-art performance on previously-thought hard problems. However, because of the internal complexity and nonlinear structure of deep neural networks, the underlying decision making processes for why these models are achieving such performance are challenging and sometimes mystifying to interpret. As deep learning spreads across domains, it is of paramount importance that we equip users of deep learning with tools for understanding when a model works correctly, when it fails, and ultimately how to improve its performance. Standardized toolkits for building neural networks have helped democratize deep learning; visual analytics systems have now been developed to support model explanation, interpretation, debugging, and improvement. We present a survey of the role of visual analytics in deep learning research, which highlights its short yet impactful history and thoroughly summarizes the state-of-the-art using a human-centered interrogative framework, focusing on the Five W's and How (Why, Who, What, How, When, and Where). We conclude by highlighting research directions and open research problems. This survey helps researchers and practitioners in both visual analytics and deep learning to quickly learn key aspects of this young and rapidly growing body of research, whose impact spans a diverse range of domains.	Visual Analytics in Deep Learning: An Interrogative Survey for the Next   Frontiers  Deep learning has recently seen rapid development and received significant attention due to its state-of-the-art performance on previously-thought hard problems. However, because of the internal complexity and nonlinear structure of deep neural networks, the underlying decision making processes for why these models are achieving such performance are challenging and sometimes mystifying to interpret. As deep learning spreads across domains, it is of paramount importance that we equip users of deep learning with tools for understanding when a model works correctly, when it fails, and ultimately how to improve its performance. Standardized toolkits for building neural networks have helped democratize deep learning; visual analytics systems have now been developed to support model explanation, interpretation, debugging, and improvement. We present a survey of the role of visual analytics in deep learning research, which highlights its short yet impactful history and thoroughly summarizes the state-of-the-art using a human-centered interrogative framework, focusing on the Five W's and How (Why, Who, What, How, When, and Where). We conclude by highlighting research directions and open research problems. This survey helps researchers and practitioners in both visual analytics and deep learning to quickly learn key aspects of this young and rapidly growing body of research, whose impact spans a diverse range of domains.	339
Whats the best way and what are the best resources to start learning about deep reinforcement learning?	Integrating Learning and Reasoning with Deep Logic Models  Deep learning is very effective at jointly learning feature representations and classification models, especially when dealing with high dimensional input patterns. Probabilistic logic reasoning, on the other hand, is capable to take consistent and robust decisions in complex environments. The integration of deep learning and logic reasoning is still an open-research problem and it is considered to be the key for the development of real intelligent agents. This paper presents Deep Logic Models, which are deep graphical models integrating deep learning and logic reasoning both for learning and inference. Deep Logic Models create an end-to-end differentiable architecture, where deep learners are embedded into a network implementing a continuous relaxation of the logic knowledge. The learning process allows to jointly learn the weights of the deep learners and the meta-parameters controlling the high-level reasoning. The experimental results show that the proposed methodology overtakes the limitations of the other approaches that have been proposed to bridge deep learning and reasoning.	Integrating Learning and Reasoning with Deep Logic Models  Deep learning is very effective at jointly learning feature representations and classification models, especially when dealing with high dimensional input patterns. Probabilistic logic reasoning, on the other hand, is capable to take consistent and robust decisions in complex environments. The integration of deep learning and logic reasoning is still an open-research problem and it is considered to be the key for the development of real intelligent agents. This paper presents Deep Logic Models, which are deep graphical models integrating deep learning and logic reasoning both for learning and inference. Deep Logic Models create an end-to-end differentiable architecture, where deep learners are embedded into a network implementing a continuous relaxation of the logic knowledge. The learning process allows to jointly learn the weights of the deep learners and the meta-parameters controlling the high-level reasoning. The experimental results show that the proposed methodology overtakes the limitations of the other approaches that have been proposed to bridge deep learning and reasoning.	352
What is the difference between supervised learning and reinforcement learning?	Is Supervised Learning With Adversarial Features Provably Better Than   Sole Supervision?  Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have shown promising results on a wide variety of complex tasks. Recent experiments show adversarial training provides useful gradients to the generator that helps attain better performance. In this paper, we intend to theoretically analyze whether supervised learning with adversarial features can outperform sole supervision, or not. First, we show that supervised learning without adversarial features suffer from vanishing gradient issue in near optimal region. Second, we analyze how adversarial learning augmented with supervised signal mitigates this vanishing gradient issue. Finally, we prove our main result that shows supervised learning with adversarial features can be better than sole supervision (under some mild assumptions). We support our main result on two fronts (i) expected empirical risk and (ii) rate of convergence.	Is Supervised Learning With Adversarial Features Provably Better Than   Sole Supervision?  Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have shown promising results on a wide variety of complex tasks. Recent experiments show adversarial training provides useful gradients to the generator that helps attain better performance. In this paper, we intend to theoretically analyze whether supervised learning with adversarial features can outperform sole supervision, or not. First, we show that supervised learning without adversarial features suffer from vanishing gradient issue in near optimal region. Second, we analyze how adversarial learning augmented with supervised signal mitigates this vanishing gradient issue. Finally, we prove our main result that shows supervised learning with adversarial features can be better than sole supervision (under some mild assumptions). We support our main result on two fronts (i) expected empirical risk and (ii) rate of convergence.	325
What is the difference between supervised learning and reinforcement learning?	Representation Learning: A Statistical Perspective  Learning representations of data is an important problem in statistics and machine learning. While the origin of learning representations can be traced back to factor analysis and multidimensional scaling in statistics, it has become a central theme in deep learning with important applications in computer vision and computational neuroscience. In this article, we review recent advances in learning representations from a statistical perspective. In particular, we review the following two themes: (a) unsupervised learning of vector representations and (b) learning of both vector and matrix representations.	Representation Learning: A Statistical Perspective  Learning representations of data is an important problem in statistics and machine learning. While the origin of learning representations can be traced back to factor analysis and multidimensional scaling in statistics, it has become a central theme in deep learning with important applications in computer vision and computational neuroscience. In this article, we review recent advances in learning representations from a statistical perspective. In particular, we review the following two themes: (a) unsupervised learning of vector representations and (b) learning of both vector and matrix representations.	320
What is the difference between supervised learning and reinforcement learning?	Are skip connections necessary for biologically plausible learning   rules?  Backpropagation is the workhorse of deep learning, however, several other biologically-motivated learning rules have been introduced, such as random feedback alignment and difference target propagation. None of these methods have produced a competitive performance against backpropagation. In this paper, we show that biologically-motivated learning rules with skip connections between intermediate layers can perform as well as backpropagation on the MNIST dataset and are robust to various sets of hyper-parameters.	Are skip connections necessary for biologically plausible learning   rules?  Backpropagation is the workhorse of deep learning, however, several other biologically-motivated learning rules have been introduced, such as random feedback alignment and difference target propagation. None of these methods have produced a competitive performance against backpropagation. In this paper, we show that biologically-motivated learning rules with skip connections between intermediate layers can perform as well as backpropagation on the MNIST dataset and are robust to various sets of hyper-parameters.	298
What is the difference between supervised learning and reinforcement learning?	Dex: Incremental Learning for Complex Environments in Deep Reinforcement   Learning  This paper introduces Dex, a reinforcement learning environment toolkit specialized for training and evaluation of continual learning methods as well as general reinforcement learning problems. We also present the novel continual learning method of incremental learning, where a challenging environment is solved using optimal weight initialization learned from first solving a similar easier environment. We show that incremental learning can produce vastly superior results than standard methods by providing a strong baseline method across ten Dex environments. We finally develop a saliency method for qualitative analysis of reinforcement learning, which shows the impact incremental learning has on network attention.	Dex: Incremental Learning for Complex Environments in Deep Reinforcement   Learning  This paper introduces Dex, a reinforcement learning environment toolkit specialized for training and evaluation of continual learning methods as well as general reinforcement learning problems. We also present the novel continual learning method of incremental learning, where a challenging environment is solved using optimal weight initialization learned from first solving a similar easier environment. We show that incremental learning can produce vastly superior results than standard methods by providing a strong baseline method across ten Dex environments. We finally develop a saliency method for qualitative analysis of reinforcement learning, which shows the impact incremental learning has on network attention.	325
What is the difference between supervised learning and reinforcement learning?	Backpropagation and Biological Plausibility  By and large, Backpropagation (BP) is regarded as one of the most important neural computation algorithms at the basis of the progress in machine learning, including the recent advances in deep learning. However, its computational structure has been the source of many debates on its arguable biological plausibility. In this paper, it is shown that when framing supervised learning in the Lagrangian framework, while one can see a natural emergence of Backpropagation, biologically plausible local algorithms can also be devised that are based on the search for saddle points in the learning adjoint space composed of weights, neural outputs, and Lagrangian multipliers. This might open the doors to a truly novel class of learning algorithms where, because of the introduction of the notion of support neurons, the optimization scheme also plays a fundamental role in the construction of the architecture.	Backpropagation and Biological Plausibility  By and large, Backpropagation (BP) is regarded as one of the most important neural computation algorithms at the basis of the progress in machine learning, including the recent advances in deep learning. However, its computational structure has been the source of many debates on its arguable biological plausibility. In this paper, it is shown that when framing supervised learning in the Lagrangian framework, while one can see a natural emergence of Backpropagation, biologically plausible local algorithms can also be devised that are based on the search for saddle points in the learning adjoint space composed of weights, neural outputs, and Lagrangian multipliers. This might open the doors to a truly novel class of learning algorithms where, because of the introduction of the notion of support neurons, the optimization scheme also plays a fundamental role in the construction of the architecture.	324
How does one learn a reward function in Reinforcement Learning (RL)?	Deep Reinforcement Learning for Industrial Insertion Tasks with Visual   Inputs and Natural Rewards  Connector insertion and many other tasks commonly found in modern manufacturing settings involve complex contact dynamics and friction. Since it is difficult to capture related physical effects with first-order modeling, traditional control methods often result in brittle and inaccurate controllers, which have to be manually tuned. Reinforcement learning (RL) methods have been demonstrated to be capable of learning controllers in such environments from autonomous interaction with the environment, but running RL algorithms in the real world poses sample efficiency and safety challenges. Moreover, in practical real-world settings we cannot assume access to perfect state information or dense reward signals. In this paper, we consider a variety of difficult industrial insertion tasks with visual inputs and different natural reward specifications, namely sparse rewards and goal images. We show that methods that combine RL with prior information, such as classical controllers or demonstrations, can solve these tasks from a reasonable amount of real-world interaction.	Deep Reinforcement Learning for Industrial Insertion Tasks with Visual   Inputs and Natural Rewards  Connector insertion and many other tasks commonly found in modern manufacturing settings involve complex contact dynamics and friction. Since it is difficult to capture related physical effects with first-order modeling, traditional control methods often result in brittle and inaccurate controllers, which have to be manually tuned. Reinforcement learning (RL) methods have been demonstrated to be capable of learning controllers in such environments from autonomous interaction with the environment, but running RL algorithms in the real world poses sample efficiency and safety challenges. Moreover, in practical real-world settings we cannot assume access to perfect state information or dense reward signals. In this paper, we consider a variety of difficult industrial insertion tasks with visual inputs and different natural reward specifications, namely sparse rewards and goal images. We show that methods that combine RL with prior information, such as classical controllers or demonstrations, can solve these tasks from a reasonable amount of real-world interaction.	328
How does one learn a reward function in Reinforcement Learning (RL)?	Ray Interference: a Source of Plateaus in Deep Reinforcement Learning  Rather than proposing a new method, this paper investigates an issue present in existing learning algorithms. We study the learning dynamics of reinforcement learning (RL), specifically a characteristic coupling between learning and data generation that arises because RL agents control their future data distribution. In the presence of function approximation, this coupling can lead to a problematic type of 'ray interference', characterized by learning dynamics that sequentially traverse a number of performance plateaus, effectively constraining the agent to learn one thing at a time even when learning in parallel is better. We establish the conditions under which ray interference occurs, show its relation to saddle points and obtain the exact learning dynamics in a restricted setting. We characterize a number of its properties and discuss possible remedies.	Ray Interference: a Source of Plateaus in Deep Reinforcement Learning  Rather than proposing a new method, this paper investigates an issue present in existing learning algorithms. We study the learning dynamics of reinforcement learning (RL), specifically a characteristic coupling between learning and data generation that arises because RL agents control their future data distribution. In the presence of function approximation, this coupling can lead to a problematic type of 'ray interference', characterized by learning dynamics that sequentially traverse a number of performance plateaus, effectively constraining the agent to learn one thing at a time even when learning in parallel is better. We establish the conditions under which ray interference occurs, show its relation to saddle points and obtain the exact learning dynamics in a restricted setting. We characterize a number of its properties and discuss possible remedies.	336
How does one learn a reward function in Reinforcement Learning (RL)?	Deep Reinforcement Learning  We discuss deep reinforcement learning in an overview style. We draw a big picture, filled with details. We discuss six core elements, six important mechanisms, and twelve applications, focusing on contemporary work, and in historical contexts. We start with background of artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, and reinforcement learning (RL), with resources. Next we discuss RL core elements, including value function, policy, reward, model, exploration vs. exploitation, and representation. Then we discuss important mechanisms for RL, including attention and memory, unsupervised learning, hierarchical RL, multi-agent RL, relational RL, and learning to learn. After that, we discuss RL applications, including games, robotics, natural language processing (NLP), computer vision, finance, business management, healthcare, education, energy, transportation, computer systems, and, science, engineering, and art. Finally we summarize briefly, discuss challenges and opportunities, and close with an epilogue.	Deep Reinforcement Learning  We discuss deep reinforcement learning in an overview style. We draw a big picture, filled with details. We discuss six core elements, six important mechanisms, and twelve applications, focusing on contemporary work, and in historical contexts. We start with background of artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, and reinforcement learning (RL), with resources. Next we discuss RL core elements, including value function, policy, reward, model, exploration vs. exploitation, and representation. Then we discuss important mechanisms for RL, including attention and memory, unsupervised learning, hierarchical RL, multi-agent RL, relational RL, and learning to learn. After that, we discuss RL applications, including games, robotics, natural language processing (NLP), computer vision, finance, business management, healthcare, education, energy, transportation, computer systems, and, science, engineering, and art. Finally we summarize briefly, discuss challenges and opportunities, and close with an epilogue.	318
How does one learn a reward function in Reinforcement Learning (RL)?	Learning to reinforcement learn  In recent years deep reinforcement learning (RL) systems have attained superhuman performance in a number of challenging task domains. However, a major limitation of such applications is their demand for massive amounts of training data. A critical present objective is thus to develop deep RL methods that can adapt rapidly to new tasks. In the present work we introduce a novel approach to this challenge, which we refer to as deep meta-reinforcement learning. Previous work has shown that recurrent networks can support meta-learning in a fully supervised context. We extend this approach to the RL setting. What emerges is a system that is trained using one RL algorithm, but whose recurrent dynamics implement a second, quite separate RL procedure. This second, learned RL algorithm can differ from the original one in arbitrary ways. Importantly, because it is learned, it is configured to exploit structure in the training domain. We unpack these points in a series of seven proof-of-concept experiments, each of which examines a key aspect of deep meta-RL. We consider prospects for extending and scaling up the approach, and also point out some potentially important implications for neuroscience.	Learning to reinforcement learn  In recent years deep reinforcement learning (RL) systems have attained superhuman performance in a number of challenging task domains. However, a major limitation of such applications is their demand for massive amounts of training data. A critical present objective is thus to develop deep RL methods that can adapt rapidly to new tasks. In the present work we introduce a novel approach to this challenge, which we refer to as deep meta-reinforcement learning. Previous work has shown that recurrent networks can support meta-learning in a fully supervised context. We extend this approach to the RL setting. What emerges is a system that is trained using one RL algorithm, but whose recurrent dynamics implement a second, quite separate RL procedure. This second, learned RL algorithm can differ from the original one in arbitrary ways. Importantly, because it is learned, it is configured to exploit structure in the training domain. We unpack these points in a series of seven proof-of-concept experiments, each of which examines a key aspect of deep meta-RL. We consider prospects for extending and scaling up the approach, and also point out some potentially important implications for neuroscience.	330
How does one learn a reward function in Reinforcement Learning (RL)?	Bayesian policy selection using active inference  Learning to take actions based on observations is a core requirement for artificial agents to be able to be successful and robust at their task. Reinforcement Learning (RL) is a well-known technique for learning such policies. However, current RL algorithms often have to deal with reward shaping, have difficulties generalizing to other environments and are most often sample inefficient. In this paper, we explore active inference and the free energy principle, a normative theory from neuroscience that explains how self-organizing biological systems operate by maintaining a model of the world and casting action selection as an inference problem. We apply this concept to a typical problem known to the RL community, the mountain car problem, and show how active inference encompasses both RL and learning from demonstrations.	Bayesian policy selection using active inference  Learning to take actions based on observations is a core requirement for artificial agents to be able to be successful and robust at their task. Reinforcement Learning (RL) is a well-known technique for learning such policies. However, current RL algorithms often have to deal with reward shaping, have difficulties generalizing to other environments and are most often sample inefficient. In this paper, we explore active inference and the free energy principle, a normative theory from neuroscience that explains how self-organizing biological systems operate by maintaining a model of the world and casting action selection as an inference problem. We apply this concept to a typical problem known to the RL community, the mountain car problem, and show how active inference encompasses both RL and learning from demonstrations.	329
What is the Future of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DL + RL)?	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning. In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model. Although we are motivated by the connection between deep learning and RG flow, in this study we focus mainly on comparing a single layer of a deep network to a single step in the RG flow. We argue that correlation functions between hidden and visible neurons are capable of diagnosing RG-like coarse graining. Numerical experiments show the presence of RG-like patterns in correlators computed using the trained RBMs. The observables we consider are also able to exhibit important differences between RG and deep learning.	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning. In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model. Although we are motivated by the connection between deep learning and RG flow, in this study we focus mainly on comparing a single layer of a deep network to a single step in the RG flow. We argue that correlation functions between hidden and visible neurons are capable of diagnosing RG-like coarse graining. Numerical experiments show the presence of RG-like patterns in correlators computed using the trained RBMs. The observables we consider are also able to exhibit important differences between RG and deep learning.	379
What is the Future of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DL + RL)?	Model-Driven Deep Learning for Physical Layer Communications  Intelligent communication is gradually considered as the mainstream direction in future wireless communications. As a major branch of machine learning, deep learning (DL) has been applied in physical layer communications and has demonstrated an impressive performance improvement in recent years. However, most of the existing works related to DL focus on data-driven approaches, which consider the communication system as a black box and train it by using a huge volume of data. Training a network requires sufficient computing resources and extensive time, both of which are rarely found in communication devices. By contrast, model-driven DL approaches combine communication domain knowledge with DL to reduce the demand for computing resources and training time. This article reviews the recent advancements in the application of model-driven DL approaches in physical layer communications, including transmission scheme, receiver design, and channel information recovery. Several open issues for further research are also highlighted after presenting the comprehensive survey.	Model-Driven Deep Learning for Physical Layer Communications  Intelligent communication is gradually considered as the mainstream direction in future wireless communications. As a major branch of machine learning, deep learning (DL) has been applied in physical layer communications and has demonstrated an impressive performance improvement in recent years. However, most of the existing works related to DL focus on data-driven approaches, which consider the communication system as a black box and train it by using a huge volume of data. Training a network requires sufficient computing resources and extensive time, both of which are rarely found in communication devices. By contrast, model-driven DL approaches combine communication domain knowledge with DL to reduce the demand for computing resources and training time. This article reviews the recent advancements in the application of model-driven DL approaches in physical layer communications, including transmission scheme, receiver design, and channel information recovery. Several open issues for further research are also highlighted after presenting the comprehensive survey.	356
What is the Future of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DL + RL)?	Deep Reinforcement Learning: An Overview  We give an overview of recent exciting achievements of deep reinforcement learning (RL). We discuss six core elements, six important mechanisms, and twelve applications. We start with background of machine learning, deep learning and reinforcement learning. Next we discuss core RL elements, including value function, in particular, Deep Q-Network (DQN), policy, reward, model, planning, and exploration. After that, we discuss important mechanisms for RL, including attention and memory, unsupervised learning, transfer learning, multi-agent RL, hierarchical RL, and learning to learn. Then we discuss various applications of RL, including games, in particular, AlphaGo, robotics, natural language processing, including dialogue systems, machine translation, and text generation, computer vision, neural architecture design, business management, finance, healthcare, Industry 4.0, smart grid, intelligent transportation systems, and computer systems. We mention topics not reviewed yet, and list a collection of RL resources. After presenting a brief summary, we close with discussions.   Please see Deep Reinforcement Learning, arXiv:1810.06339, for a significant update.	Deep Reinforcement Learning: An Overview  We give an overview of recent exciting achievements of deep reinforcement learning (RL). We discuss six core elements, six important mechanisms, and twelve applications. We start with background of machine learning, deep learning and reinforcement learning. Next we discuss core RL elements, including value function, in particular, Deep Q-Network (DQN), policy, reward, model, planning, and exploration. After that, we discuss important mechanisms for RL, including attention and memory, unsupervised learning, transfer learning, multi-agent RL, hierarchical RL, and learning to learn. Then we discuss various applications of RL, including games, in particular, AlphaGo, robotics, natural language processing, including dialogue systems, machine translation, and text generation, computer vision, neural architecture design, business management, finance, healthcare, Industry 4.0, smart grid, intelligent transportation systems, and computer systems. We mention topics not reviewed yet, and list a collection of RL resources. After presenting a brief summary, we close with discussions.   Please see Deep Reinforcement Learning, arXiv:1810.06339, for a significant update.	382
What is the Future of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DL + RL)?	Pre-training in Deep Reinforcement Learning for Automatic Speech   Recognition  Deep reinforcement learning (deep RL) is a combination of deep learning with reinforcement learning principles to create efficient methods that can learn by interacting with its environment. This led to breakthroughs in many complex tasks that were previously difficult to solve. However, deep RL requires a large amount of training time that makes it difficult to use in various real-life applications like human-computer interaction (HCI). Therefore, in this paper, we study pre-training in deep RL to reduce the training time and improve the performance in speech recognition, a popular application of HCI. We achieve significantly improved performance in less time on a publicly available speech command recognition dataset.	Pre-training in Deep Reinforcement Learning for Automatic Speech   Recognition  Deep reinforcement learning (deep RL) is a combination of deep learning with reinforcement learning principles to create efficient methods that can learn by interacting with its environment. This led to breakthroughs in many complex tasks that were previously difficult to solve. However, deep RL requires a large amount of training time that makes it difficult to use in various real-life applications like human-computer interaction (HCI). Therefore, in this paper, we study pre-training in deep RL to reduce the training time and improve the performance in speech recognition, a popular application of HCI. We achieve significantly improved performance in less time on a publicly available speech command recognition dataset.	355
What is the Future of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DL + RL)?	Deep Learning  Deep learning (DL) is a high dimensional data reduction technique for constructing high-dimensional predictors in input-output models. DL is a form of machine learning that uses hierarchical layers of latent features. In this article, we review the state-of-the-art of deep learning from a modeling and algorithmic perspective. We provide a list of successful areas of applications in Artificial Intelligence (AI), Image Processing, Robotics and Automation. Deep learning is predictive in its nature rather then inferential and can be viewed as a black-box methodology for high-dimensional function estimation.	Deep Learning  Deep learning (DL) is a high dimensional data reduction technique for constructing high-dimensional predictors in input-output models. DL is a form of machine learning that uses hierarchical layers of latent features. In this article, we review the state-of-the-art of deep learning from a modeling and algorithmic perspective. We provide a list of successful areas of applications in Artificial Intelligence (AI), Image Processing, Robotics and Automation. Deep learning is predictive in its nature rather then inferential and can be viewed as a black-box methodology for high-dimensional function estimation.	372
Is it possible to use reinforcement learning to solve any supervised or unsupervised problem?	Learning rewards for robotic ultrasound scanning using probabilistic   temporal ranking  This paper addresses a common class of problems where a robot learns to perform a discovery task based on example solutions, or \emph{human demonstrations}. As an example, this work considers the problem of ultrasound scanning, where a demonstration involves an expert adaptively searching for a satisfactory view of internal organs, vessels or tissue and potential anomalies while maintaining optimal contact between the probe and surface tissue. Such problems are often solved by inferring notional \emph{rewards} that, when optimised for, result in a plan that mimics demonstrations. A pivotal assumption, that plans with higher reward should be exponentially more likely, leads to the de facto approach for reward inference in robotics. While this approach of maximum entropy inverse reinforcement learning leads to a general and elegant formulation, it struggles to cope with frequently encountered sub-optimal demonstrations. In this paper, we propose an alternative approach to cope with the class of problems where sub-optimal demonstrations occur frequently. We hypothesise that, in tasks which require discovery, successive states of any demonstration are progressively more likely to be associated with a higher reward. We formalise this \emph{temporal ranking} approach and show that it improves upon maximum-entropy approaches to perform reward inference for autonomous ultrasound scanning, a novel application of learning from demonstration in medical imaging.	Learning rewards for robotic ultrasound scanning using probabilistic   temporal ranking  This paper addresses a common class of problems where a robot learns to perform a discovery task based on example solutions, or \emph{human demonstrations}. As an example, this work considers the problem of ultrasound scanning, where a demonstration involves an expert adaptively searching for a satisfactory view of internal organs, vessels or tissue and potential anomalies while maintaining optimal contact between the probe and surface tissue. Such problems are often solved by inferring notional \emph{rewards} that, when optimised for, result in a plan that mimics demonstrations. A pivotal assumption, that plans with higher reward should be exponentially more likely, leads to the de facto approach for reward inference in robotics. While this approach of maximum entropy inverse reinforcement learning leads to a general and elegant formulation, it struggles to cope with frequently encountered sub-optimal demonstrations. In this paper, we propose an alternative approach to cope with the class of problems where sub-optimal demonstrations occur frequently. We hypothesise that, in tasks which require discovery, successive states of any demonstration are progressively more likely to be associated with a higher reward. We formalise this \emph{temporal ranking} approach and show that it improves upon maximum-entropy approaches to perform reward inference for autonomous ultrasound scanning, a novel application of learning from demonstration in medical imaging.	307
Is it possible to use reinforcement learning to solve any supervised or unsupervised problem?	Unsupervised Search-based Structured Prediction  We describe an adaptation and application of a search-based structured prediction algorithm "Searn" to unsupervised learning problems. We show that it is possible to reduce unsupervised learning to supervised learning and demonstrate a high-quality unsupervised shift-reduce parsing model. We additionally show a close connection between unsupervised Searn and expectation maximization. Finally, we demonstrate the efficacy of a semi-supervised extension. The key idea that enables this is an application of the predict-self idea for unsupervised learning.	Unsupervised Search-based Structured Prediction  We describe an adaptation and application of a search-based structured prediction algorithm "Searn" to unsupervised learning problems. We show that it is possible to reduce unsupervised learning to supervised learning and demonstrate a high-quality unsupervised shift-reduce parsing model. We additionally show a close connection between unsupervised Searn and expectation maximization. Finally, we demonstrate the efficacy of a semi-supervised extension. The key idea that enables this is an application of the predict-self idea for unsupervised learning.	299
Is it possible to use reinforcement learning to solve any supervised or unsupervised problem?	Toward Supervised Anomaly Detection  Anomaly detection is being regarded as an unsupervised learning task as anomalies stem from adversarial or unlikely events with unknown distributions. However, the predictive performance of purely unsupervised anomaly detection often fails to match the required detection rates in many tasks and there exists a need for labeled data to guide the model generation. Our first contribution shows that classical semi-supervised approaches, originating from a supervised classifier, are inappropriate and hardly detect new and unknown anomalies. We argue that semi-supervised anomaly detection needs to ground on the unsupervised learning paradigm and devise a novel algorithm that meets this requirement. Although being intrinsically non-convex, we further show that the optimization problem has a convex equivalent under relatively mild assumptions. Additionally, we propose an active learning strategy to automatically filter candidates for labeling. In an empirical study on network intrusion detection data, we observe that the proposed learning methodology requires much less labeled data than the state-of-the-art, while achieving higher detection accuracies.	Toward Supervised Anomaly Detection  Anomaly detection is being regarded as an unsupervised learning task as anomalies stem from adversarial or unlikely events with unknown distributions. However, the predictive performance of purely unsupervised anomaly detection often fails to match the required detection rates in many tasks and there exists a need for labeled data to guide the model generation. Our first contribution shows that classical semi-supervised approaches, originating from a supervised classifier, are inappropriate and hardly detect new and unknown anomalies. We argue that semi-supervised anomaly detection needs to ground on the unsupervised learning paradigm and devise a novel algorithm that meets this requirement. Although being intrinsically non-convex, we further show that the optimization problem has a convex equivalent under relatively mild assumptions. Additionally, we propose an active learning strategy to automatically filter candidates for labeling. In an empirical study on network intrusion detection data, we observe that the proposed learning methodology requires much less labeled data than the state-of-the-art, while achieving higher detection accuracies.	272
Is it possible to use reinforcement learning to solve any supervised or unsupervised problem?	Model-Free Unsupervised Learning for Optimization Problems with   Constraints  In many optimization problems in wireless communications, the expressions of objective function or constraints are hard or even impossible to derive, which makes the solutions difficult to find. In this paper, we propose a model-free learning framework to solve constrained optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solution. Neural networks are used respectively for parameterizing the function to be optimized, parameterizing the Lagrange multiplier associated with instantaneous constraints, and approximating the unknown objective function or constraints. We provide learning algorithms to train all the neural networks simultaneously, and reveal the connections of the proposed framework with reinforcement learning. Numerical and simulation results validate the proposed framework and demonstrate the efficiency of model-free learning by taking power control problem as an example.	Model-Free Unsupervised Learning for Optimization Problems with   Constraints  In many optimization problems in wireless communications, the expressions of objective function or constraints are hard or even impossible to derive, which makes the solutions difficult to find. In this paper, we propose a model-free learning framework to solve constrained optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solution. Neural networks are used respectively for parameterizing the function to be optimized, parameterizing the Lagrange multiplier associated with instantaneous constraints, and approximating the unknown objective function or constraints. We provide learning algorithms to train all the neural networks simultaneously, and reveal the connections of the proposed framework with reinforcement learning. Numerical and simulation results validate the proposed framework and demonstrate the efficiency of model-free learning by taking power control problem as an example.	284
Is it possible to use reinforcement learning to solve any supervised or unsupervised problem?	Unsupervised Sequence Classification using Sequential Output Statistics  We consider learning a sequence classifier without labeled data by using sequential output statistics. The problem is highly valuable since obtaining labels in training data is often costly, while the sequential output statistics (e.g., language models) could be obtained independently of input data and thus with low or no cost. To address the problem, we propose an unsupervised learning cost function and study its properties. We show that, compared to earlier works, it is less inclined to be stuck in trivial solutions and avoids the need for a strong generative model. Although it is harder to optimize in its functional form, a stochastic primal-dual gradient method is developed to effectively solve the problem. Experiment results on real-world datasets demonstrate that the new unsupervised learning method gives drastically lower errors than other baseline methods. Specifically, it reaches test errors about twice of those obtained by fully supervised learning.	Unsupervised Sequence Classification using Sequential Output Statistics  We consider learning a sequence classifier without labeled data by using sequential output statistics. The problem is highly valuable since obtaining labels in training data is often costly, while the sequential output statistics (e.g., language models) could be obtained independently of input data and thus with low or no cost. To address the problem, we propose an unsupervised learning cost function and study its properties. We show that, compared to earlier works, it is less inclined to be stuck in trivial solutions and avoids the need for a strong generative model. Although it is harder to optimize in its functional form, a stochastic primal-dual gradient method is developed to effectively solve the problem. Experiment results on real-world datasets demonstrate that the new unsupervised learning method gives drastically lower errors than other baseline methods. Specifically, it reaches test errors about twice of those obtained by fully supervised learning.	303
What are some practical applications of reinforcement learning?	Transferring Deep Reinforcement Learning with Adversarial Objective and   Augmentation  In the past few years, deep reinforcement learning has been proven to solve problems which have complex states like video games or board games. The next step of intelligent agents would be able to generalize between tasks, and using prior experience to pick up new skills more quickly. However, most reinforcement learning algorithms for now are often suffering from catastrophic forgetting even when facing a very similar target task. Our approach enables the agents to generalize knowledge from a single source task, and boost the learning progress with a semisupervised learning method when facing a new task. We evaluate this approach on Atari games, which is a popular reinforcement learning benchmark, and show that it outperforms common baselines based on pre-training and fine-tuning.	Transferring Deep Reinforcement Learning with Adversarial Objective and   Augmentation  In the past few years, deep reinforcement learning has been proven to solve problems which have complex states like video games or board games. The next step of intelligent agents would be able to generalize between tasks, and using prior experience to pick up new skills more quickly. However, most reinforcement learning algorithms for now are often suffering from catastrophic forgetting even when facing a very similar target task. Our approach enables the agents to generalize knowledge from a single source task, and boost the learning progress with a semisupervised learning method when facing a new task. We evaluate this approach on Atari games, which is a popular reinforcement learning benchmark, and show that it outperforms common baselines based on pre-training and fine-tuning.	347
What are some practical applications of reinforcement learning?	Learning Reductions that Really Work  We provide a summary of the mathematical and computational techniques that have enabled learning reductions to effectively address a wide class of problems, and show that this approach to solving machine learning problems can be broadly useful.	Learning Reductions that Really Work  We provide a summary of the mathematical and computational techniques that have enabled learning reductions to effectively address a wide class of problems, and show that this approach to solving machine learning problems can be broadly useful.	342
What are some practical applications of reinforcement learning?	Active Learning within Constrained Environments through Imitation of an   Expert Questioner  Active learning agents typically employ a query selection algorithm which solely considers the agent's learning objectives. However, this may be insufficient in more realistic human domains. This work uses imitation learning to enable an agent in a constrained environment to concurrently reason about both its internal learning goals and environmental constraints externally imposed, all within its objective function. Experiments are conducted on a concept learning task to test generalization of the proposed algorithm to different environmental conditions and analyze how time and resource constraints impact efficacy of solving the learning problem. Our findings show the environmentally-aware learning agent is able to statistically outperform all other active learners explored under most of the constrained conditions. A key implication is adaptation for active learning agents to more realistic human environments, where constraints are often externally imposed on the learner.	Active Learning within Constrained Environments through Imitation of an   Expert Questioner  Active learning agents typically employ a query selection algorithm which solely considers the agent's learning objectives. However, this may be insufficient in more realistic human domains. This work uses imitation learning to enable an agent in a constrained environment to concurrently reason about both its internal learning goals and environmental constraints externally imposed, all within its objective function. Experiments are conducted on a concept learning task to test generalization of the proposed algorithm to different environmental conditions and analyze how time and resource constraints impact efficacy of solving the learning problem. Our findings show the environmentally-aware learning agent is able to statistically outperform all other active learners explored under most of the constrained conditions. A key implication is adaptation for active learning agents to more realistic human environments, where constraints are often externally imposed on the learner.	341
What are some practical applications of reinforcement learning?	Deep Learning for Sensor-based Human Activity Recognition: Overview,   Challenges and Opportunities  The vast proliferation of sensor devices and Internet of Things enables the applications of sensor-based activity recognition. However, there exist substantial challenges that could influence the performance of the recognition system in practical scenarios. Recently, as deep learning has demonstrated its effectiveness in many areas, plenty of deep methods have been investigated to address the challenges in activity recognition. In this study, we present a survey of the state-of-the-art deep learning methods for sensor-based human activity recognition. We first introduce the multi-modality of the sensory data and provide information for public datasets that can be used for evaluation in different challenge tasks. We then propose a new taxonomy to structure the deep methods by challenges. Challenges and challenge-related deep methods are summarized and analyzed to form an overview of the current research progress. At the end of this work, we discuss the open issues and provide some insights for future directions.	Deep Learning for Sensor-based Human Activity Recognition: Overview,   Challenges and Opportunities  The vast proliferation of sensor devices and Internet of Things enables the applications of sensor-based activity recognition. However, there exist substantial challenges that could influence the performance of the recognition system in practical scenarios. Recently, as deep learning has demonstrated its effectiveness in many areas, plenty of deep methods have been investigated to address the challenges in activity recognition. In this study, we present a survey of the state-of-the-art deep learning methods for sensor-based human activity recognition. We first introduce the multi-modality of the sensory data and provide information for public datasets that can be used for evaluation in different challenge tasks. We then propose a new taxonomy to structure the deep methods by challenges. Challenges and challenge-related deep methods are summarized and analyzed to form an overview of the current research progress. At the end of this work, we discuss the open issues and provide some insights for future directions.	340
What are some practical applications of reinforcement learning?	Learning to Reason in Large Theories without Imitation  In this paper, we demonstrate how to do automated theorem proving in the presence of a large knowledge base of potential premises without learning from human proofs. We suggest an exploration mechanism that mixes in additional premises selected by a tf-idf (term frequency-inverse document frequency) based lookup in a deep reinforcement learning scenario. This helps with exploring and learning which premises are relevant for proving a new theorem. Our experiments show that the theorem prover trained with this exploration mechanism outperforms provers that are trained only on human proofs. It approaches the performance of a prover trained by a combination of imitation and reinforcement learning. We perform multiple experiments to understand the importance of the underlying assumptions that make our exploration approach work, thus explaining our design choices.	Learning to Reason in Large Theories without Imitation  In this paper, we demonstrate how to do automated theorem proving in the presence of a large knowledge base of potential premises without learning from human proofs. We suggest an exploration mechanism that mixes in additional premises selected by a tf-idf (term frequency-inverse document frequency) based lookup in a deep reinforcement learning scenario. This helps with exploring and learning which premises are relevant for proving a new theorem. Our experiments show that the theorem prover trained with this exploration mechanism outperforms provers that are trained only on human proofs. It approaches the performance of a prover trained by a combination of imitation and reinforcement learning. We perform multiple experiments to understand the importance of the underlying assumptions that make our exploration approach work, thus explaining our design choices.	348
What is the difference between Q-learning and R-learning?	Successive Over Relaxation Q-Learning  In a discounted reward Markov Decision Process (MDP), the objective is to find the optimal value function, i.e., the value function corresponding to an optimal policy. This problem reduces to solving a functional equation known as the Bellman equation and a fixed point iteration scheme known as the value iteration is utilized to obtain the solution. In literature, a successive over-relaxation based value iteration scheme is proposed to speed-up the computation of the optimal value function. The speed-up is achieved by constructing a modified Bellman equation that ensures faster convergence to the optimal value function. However, in many practical applications, the model information is not known and we resort to Reinforcement Learning (RL) algorithms to obtain optimal policy and value function. One such popular algorithm is Q-learning. In this paper, we propose Successive Over-Relaxation (SOR) Q-learning. We first derive a modified fixed point iteration for SOR Q-values and utilize stochastic approximation to derive a learning algorithm to compute the optimal value function and an optimal policy. We then prove the almost sure convergence of the SOR Q-learning to SOR Q-values. Finally, through numerical experiments, we show that SOR Q-learning is faster compared to the standard Q-learning algorithm.	Successive Over Relaxation Q-Learning  In a discounted reward Markov Decision Process (MDP), the objective is to find the optimal value function, i.e., the value function corresponding to an optimal policy. This problem reduces to solving a functional equation known as the Bellman equation and a fixed point iteration scheme known as the value iteration is utilized to obtain the solution. In literature, a successive over-relaxation based value iteration scheme is proposed to speed-up the computation of the optimal value function. The speed-up is achieved by constructing a modified Bellman equation that ensures faster convergence to the optimal value function. However, in many practical applications, the model information is not known and we resort to Reinforcement Learning (RL) algorithms to obtain optimal policy and value function. One such popular algorithm is Q-learning. In this paper, we propose Successive Over-Relaxation (SOR) Q-learning. We first derive a modified fixed point iteration for SOR Q-values and utilize stochastic approximation to derive a learning algorithm to compute the optimal value function and an optimal policy. We then prove the almost sure convergence of the SOR Q-learning to SOR Q-values. Finally, through numerical experiments, we show that SOR Q-learning is faster compared to the standard Q-learning algorithm.	387
What is the difference between Q-learning and R-learning?	Efficient Online Quantum Generative Adversarial Learning Algorithms with   Applications  The exploration of quantum algorithms that possess quantum advantages is a central topic in quantum computation and quantum information processing. One potential candidate in this area is quantum generative adversarial learning (QuGAL), which conceptually has exponential advantages over classical adversarial networks. However, the corresponding learning algorithm remains obscured. In this paper, we propose the first quantum generative adversarial learning algorithm-- the quantum multiplicative matrix weight algorithm (QMMW)-- which enables the efficient processing of fundamental tasks. The computational complexity of QMMW is polynomially proportional to the number of training rounds and logarithmically proportional to the input size. The core concept of the proposed algorithm combines QuGAL with online learning. We exploit the implementation of QuGAL with parameterized quantum circuits, and numerical experiments for the task of entanglement test for pure state are provided to support our claims.	Efficient Online Quantum Generative Adversarial Learning Algorithms with   Applications  The exploration of quantum algorithms that possess quantum advantages is a central topic in quantum computation and quantum information processing. One potential candidate in this area is quantum generative adversarial learning (QuGAL), which conceptually has exponential advantages over classical adversarial networks. However, the corresponding learning algorithm remains obscured. In this paper, we propose the first quantum generative adversarial learning algorithm-- the quantum multiplicative matrix weight algorithm (QMMW)-- which enables the efficient processing of fundamental tasks. The computational complexity of QMMW is polynomially proportional to the number of training rounds and logarithmically proportional to the input size. The core concept of the proposed algorithm combines QuGAL with online learning. We exploit the implementation of QuGAL with parameterized quantum circuits, and numerical experiments for the task of entanglement test for pure state are provided to support our claims.	379
What is the difference between Q-learning and R-learning?	Learning to Communicate with Deep Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning  We consider the problem of multiple agents sensing and acting in environments with the goal of maximising their shared utility. In these environments, agents must learn communication protocols in order to share information that is needed to solve the tasks. By embracing deep neural networks, we are able to demonstrate end-to-end learning of protocols in complex environments inspired by communication riddles and multi-agent computer vision problems with partial observability. We propose two approaches for learning in these domains: Reinforced Inter-Agent Learning (RIAL) and Differentiable Inter-Agent Learning (DIAL). The former uses deep Q-learning, while the latter exploits the fact that, during learning, agents can backpropagate error derivatives through (noisy) communication channels. Hence, this approach uses centralised learning but decentralised execution. Our experiments introduce new environments for studying the learning of communication protocols and present a set of engineering innovations that are essential for success in these domains.	Learning to Communicate with Deep Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning  We consider the problem of multiple agents sensing and acting in environments with the goal of maximising their shared utility. In these environments, agents must learn communication protocols in order to share information that is needed to solve the tasks. By embracing deep neural networks, we are able to demonstrate end-to-end learning of protocols in complex environments inspired by communication riddles and multi-agent computer vision problems with partial observability. We propose two approaches for learning in these domains: Reinforced Inter-Agent Learning (RIAL) and Differentiable Inter-Agent Learning (DIAL). The former uses deep Q-learning, while the latter exploits the fact that, during learning, agents can backpropagate error derivatives through (noisy) communication channels. Hence, this approach uses centralised learning but decentralised execution. Our experiments introduce new environments for studying the learning of communication protocols and present a set of engineering innovations that are essential for success in these domains.	396
What is the difference between Q-learning and R-learning?	Target Transfer Q-Learning and Its Convergence Analysis  Q-learning is one of the most popular methods in Reinforcement Learning (RL). Transfer Learning aims to utilize the learned knowledge from source tasks to help new tasks to improve the sample complexity of the new tasks. Considering that data collection in RL is both more time and cost consuming and Q-learning converges slowly comparing to supervised learning, different kinds of transfer RL algorithms are designed. However, most of them are heuristic with no theoretical guarantee of the convergence rate. Therefore, it is important for us to clearly understand when and how will transfer learning help RL method and provide the theoretical guarantee for the improvement of the sample complexity. In this paper, we propose to transfer the Q-function learned in the source task to the target of the Q-learning in the new task when certain safe conditions are satisfied. We call this new transfer Q-learning method target transfer Q-Learning. The safe conditions are necessary to avoid the harm to the new tasks and thus ensure the convergence of the algorithm. We study the convergence rate of the target transfer Q-learning. We prove that if the two tasks are similar with respect to the MDPs, the optimal Q-functions in the source and new RL tasks are similar which means the error of the transferred target Q-function in new MDP is small. Also, the convergence rate analysis shows that the target transfer Q-Learning will converge faster than Q-learning if the error of the transferred target Q-function is smaller than the current Q-function in the new task. Based on our theoretical results, we design the safe condition as the Bellman error of the transferred target Q-function is less than the current Q-function. Our experiments are consistent with our theoretical founding and verified the effectiveness of our proposed target transfer Q-learning method.	Target Transfer Q-Learning and Its Convergence Analysis  Q-learning is one of the most popular methods in Reinforcement Learning (RL). Transfer Learning aims to utilize the learned knowledge from source tasks to help new tasks to improve the sample complexity of the new tasks. Considering that data collection in RL is both more time and cost consuming and Q-learning converges slowly comparing to supervised learning, different kinds of transfer RL algorithms are designed. However, most of them are heuristic with no theoretical guarantee of the convergence rate. Therefore, it is important for us to clearly understand when and how will transfer learning help RL method and provide the theoretical guarantee for the improvement of the sample complexity. In this paper, we propose to transfer the Q-function learned in the source task to the target of the Q-learning in the new task when certain safe conditions are satisfied. We call this new transfer Q-learning method target transfer Q-Learning. The safe conditions are necessary to avoid the harm to the new tasks and thus ensure the convergence of the algorithm. We study the convergence rate of the target transfer Q-learning. We prove that if the two tasks are similar with respect to the MDPs, the optimal Q-functions in the source and new RL tasks are similar which means the error of the transferred target Q-function in new MDP is small. Also, the convergence rate analysis shows that the target transfer Q-Learning will converge faster than Q-learning if the error of the transferred target Q-function is smaller than the current Q-function in the new task. Based on our theoretical results, we design the safe condition as the Bellman error of the transferred target Q-function is less than the current Q-function. Our experiments are consistent with our theoretical founding and verified the effectiveness of our proposed target transfer Q-learning method.	390
What is the difference between Q-learning and R-learning?	Learning In Practice: Reasoning About Quantization  There is a mismatch between the standard theoretical analyses of statistical machine learning and how learning is used in practice. The foundational assumption supporting the theory is that we can represent features and models using real-valued parameters. In practice, however, we do not use real numbers at any point during training or deployment. Instead, we rely on discrete and finite quantizations of the reals, typically floating points. In this paper, we propose a framework for reasoning about learning under arbitrary quantizations. Using this formalization, we prove the convergence of quantization-aware versions of the Perceptron and Frank-Wolfe algorithms. Finally, we report the results of an extensive empirical study of the impact of quantization using a broad spectrum of datasets.	Learning In Practice: Reasoning About Quantization  There is a mismatch between the standard theoretical analyses of statistical machine learning and how learning is used in practice. The foundational assumption supporting the theory is that we can represent features and models using real-valued parameters. In practice, however, we do not use real numbers at any point during training or deployment. Instead, we rely on discrete and finite quantizations of the reals, typically floating points. In this paper, we propose a framework for reasoning about learning under arbitrary quantizations. Using this formalization, we prove the convergence of quantization-aware versions of the Perceptron and Frank-Wolfe algorithms. Finally, we report the results of an extensive empirical study of the impact of quantization using a broad spectrum of datasets.	408
In what way can Q-learning and neural networks work together?	Learning from Pseudo-Randomness With an Artificial Neural Network - Does   God Play Pseudo-Dice?  Inspired by the fact that the neural network, as the mainstream for machine learning, has brought successes in many application areas, here we propose to use this approach for decoding hidden correlation among pseudo-random data and predicting events accordingly. With a simple neural network structure and a typical training procedure, we demonstrate the learning and prediction power of the neural network in extremely random environment. Finally, we postulate that the high sensitivity and efficiency of the neural network may allow to critically test if there could be any fundamental difference between quantum randomness and pseudo randomness, which is equivalent to the question: Does God play dice?	Learning from Pseudo-Randomness With an Artificial Neural Network - Does   God Play Pseudo-Dice?  Inspired by the fact that the neural network, as the mainstream for machine learning, has brought successes in many application areas, here we propose to use this approach for decoding hidden correlation among pseudo-random data and predicting events accordingly. With a simple neural network structure and a typical training procedure, we demonstrate the learning and prediction power of the neural network in extremely random environment. Finally, we postulate that the high sensitivity and efficiency of the neural network may allow to critically test if there could be any fundamental difference between quantum randomness and pseudo randomness, which is equivalent to the question: Does God play dice?	346
In what way can Q-learning and neural networks work together?	Efficient Learning for Deep Quantum Neural Networks  Neural networks enjoy widespread success in both research and industry and, with the imminent advent of quantum technology, it is now a crucial challenge to design quantum neural networks for fully quantum learning tasks. Here we propose the use of quantum neurons as a building block for quantum feed-forward neural networks capable of universal quantum computation. We describe the efficient training of these networks using the fidelity as a cost function and provide both classical and efficient quantum implementations. Our method allows for fast optimisation with reduced memory requirements: the number of qudits required scales with only the width, allowing the optimisation of deep networks. We benchmark our proposal for the quantum task of learning an unknown unitary and find remarkable generalisation behaviour and a striking robustness to noisy training data.	Efficient Learning for Deep Quantum Neural Networks  Neural networks enjoy widespread success in both research and industry and, with the imminent advent of quantum technology, it is now a crucial challenge to design quantum neural networks for fully quantum learning tasks. Here we propose the use of quantum neurons as a building block for quantum feed-forward neural networks capable of universal quantum computation. We describe the efficient training of these networks using the fidelity as a cost function and provide both classical and efficient quantum implementations. Our method allows for fast optimisation with reduced memory requirements: the number of qudits required scales with only the width, allowing the optimisation of deep networks. We benchmark our proposal for the quantum task of learning an unknown unitary and find remarkable generalisation behaviour and a striking robustness to noisy training data.	357
In what way can Q-learning and neural networks work together?	Towards Better Interpretability in Deep Q-Networks  Deep reinforcement learning techniques have demonstrated superior performance in a wide variety of environments. As improvements in training algorithms continue at a brisk pace, theoretical or empirical studies on understanding what these networks seem to learn, are far behind. In this paper we propose an interpretable neural network architecture for Q-learning which provides a global explanation of the model's behavior using key-value memories, attention and reconstructible embeddings. With a directed exploration strategy, our model can reach training rewards comparable to the state-of-the-art deep Q-learning models. However, results suggest that the features extracted by the neural network are extremely shallow and subsequent testing using out-of-sample examples shows that the agent can easily overfit to trajectories seen during training.	Towards Better Interpretability in Deep Q-Networks  Deep reinforcement learning techniques have demonstrated superior performance in a wide variety of environments. As improvements in training algorithms continue at a brisk pace, theoretical or empirical studies on understanding what these networks seem to learn, are far behind. In this paper we propose an interpretable neural network architecture for Q-learning which provides a global explanation of the model's behavior using key-value memories, attention and reconstructible embeddings. With a directed exploration strategy, our model can reach training rewards comparable to the state-of-the-art deep Q-learning models. However, results suggest that the features extracted by the neural network are extremely shallow and subsequent testing using out-of-sample examples shows that the agent can easily overfit to trajectories seen during training.	355
In what way can Q-learning and neural networks work together?	Discrete linear-complexity reinforcement learning in continuous action   spaces for Q-learning algorithms  In this article, we sketch an algorithm that extends the Q-learning algorithms to the continuous action space domain. Our method is based on the discretization of the action space. Despite the commonly used discretization methods, our method does not increase the discretized problem dimensionality exponentially. We will show that our proposed method is linear in complexity when the discretization is employed. The variant of the Q-learning algorithm presented in this work, labeled as Finite Step Q-Learning (FSQ), can be deployed to both shallow and deep neural network architectures.	Discrete linear-complexity reinforcement learning in continuous action   spaces for Q-learning algorithms  In this article, we sketch an algorithm that extends the Q-learning algorithms to the continuous action space domain. Our method is based on the discretization of the action space. Despite the commonly used discretization methods, our method does not increase the discretized problem dimensionality exponentially. We will show that our proposed method is linear in complexity when the discretization is employed. The variant of the Q-learning algorithm presented in this work, labeled as Finite Step Q-Learning (FSQ), can be deployed to both shallow and deep neural network architectures.	363
In what way can Q-learning and neural networks work together?	Learning to Deblur  We describe a learning-based approach to blind image deconvolution. It uses a deep layered architecture, parts of which are borrowed from recent work on neural network learning, and parts of which incorporate computations that are specific to image deconvolution. The system is trained end-to-end on a set of artificially generated training examples, enabling competitive performance in blind deconvolution, both with respect to quality and runtime.	Learning to Deblur  We describe a learning-based approach to blind image deconvolution. It uses a deep layered architecture, parts of which are borrowed from recent work on neural network learning, and parts of which incorporate computations that are specific to image deconvolution. The system is trained end-to-end on a set of artificially generated training examples, enabling competitive performance in blind deconvolution, both with respect to quality and runtime.	360
Why is unsupervised learning important?	Visual Rationalizations in Deep Reinforcement Learning for Atari Games  Due to the capability of deep learning to perform well in high dimensional problems, deep reinforcement learning agents perform well in challenging tasks such as Atari 2600 games. However, clearly explaining why a certain action is taken by the agent can be as important as the decision itself. Deep reinforcement learning models, as other deep learning models, tend to be opaque in their decision-making process. In this work, we propose to make deep reinforcement learning more transparent by visualizing the evidence on which the agent bases its decision. In this work, we emphasize the importance of producing a justification for an observed action, which could be applied to a black-box decision agent.	Visual Rationalizations in Deep Reinforcement Learning for Atari Games  Due to the capability of deep learning to perform well in high dimensional problems, deep reinforcement learning agents perform well in challenging tasks such as Atari 2600 games. However, clearly explaining why a certain action is taken by the agent can be as important as the decision itself. Deep reinforcement learning models, as other deep learning models, tend to be opaque in their decision-making process. In this work, we propose to make deep reinforcement learning more transparent by visualizing the evidence on which the agent bases its decision. In this work, we emphasize the importance of producing a justification for an observed action, which could be applied to a black-box decision agent.	465
Why is unsupervised learning important?	Conservative Exploration using Interleaving  In many practical problems, a learning agent may want to learn the best action in hindsight without ever taking a bad action, which is significantly worse than the default production action. In general, this is impossible because the agent has to explore unknown actions, some of which can be bad, to learn better actions. However, when the actions are combinatorial, this may be possible if the unknown action can be evaluated by interleaving it with the production action. We formalize this concept as learning in stochastic combinatorial semi-bandits with exchangeable actions. We design efficient learning algorithms for this problem, bound their n-step regret, and evaluate them on both synthetic and real-world problems. Our real-world experiments show that our algorithms can learn to recommend K most attractive movies without ever violating a strict production constraint, both overall and subject to a diversity constraint.	Conservative Exploration using Interleaving  In many practical problems, a learning agent may want to learn the best action in hindsight without ever taking a bad action, which is significantly worse than the default production action. In general, this is impossible because the agent has to explore unknown actions, some of which can be bad, to learn better actions. However, when the actions are combinatorial, this may be possible if the unknown action can be evaluated by interleaving it with the production action. We formalize this concept as learning in stochastic combinatorial semi-bandits with exchangeable actions. We design efficient learning algorithms for this problem, bound their n-step regret, and evaluate them on both synthetic and real-world problems. Our real-world experiments show that our algorithms can learn to recommend K most attractive movies without ever violating a strict production constraint, both overall and subject to a diversity constraint.	449
Why is unsupervised learning important?	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition. To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition. To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	455
Why is unsupervised learning important?	Learning Non-Discriminatory Predictors  We consider learning a predictor which is non-discriminatory with respect to a "protected attribute" according to the notion of "equalized odds" proposed by Hardt et al. [2016]. We study the problem of learning such a non-discriminatory predictor from a finite training set, both statistically and computationally. We show that a post-hoc correction approach, as suggested by Hardt et al, can be highly suboptimal, present a nearly-optimal statistical procedure, argue that the associated computational problem is intractable, and suggest a second moment relaxation of the non-discrimination definition for which learning is tractable.	Learning Non-Discriminatory Predictors  We consider learning a predictor which is non-discriminatory with respect to a "protected attribute" according to the notion of "equalized odds" proposed by Hardt et al. [2016]. We study the problem of learning such a non-discriminatory predictor from a finite training set, both statistically and computationally. We show that a post-hoc correction approach, as suggested by Hardt et al, can be highly suboptimal, present a nearly-optimal statistical procedure, argue that the associated computational problem is intractable, and suggest a second moment relaxation of the non-discrimination definition for which learning is tractable.	463
Why is unsupervised learning important?	Example Selection For Dictionary Learning  In unsupervised learning, an unbiased uniform sampling strategy is typically used, in order that the learned features faithfully encode the statistical structure of the training data. In this work, we explore whether active example selection strategies - algorithms that select which examples to use, based on the current estimate of the features - can accelerate learning. Specifically, we investigate effects of heuristic and saliency-inspired selection algorithms on the dictionary learning task with sparse activations. We show that some selection algorithms do improve the speed of learning, and we speculate on why they might work.	Example Selection For Dictionary Learning  In unsupervised learning, an unbiased uniform sampling strategy is typically used, in order that the learned features faithfully encode the statistical structure of the training data. In this work, we explore whether active example selection strategies - algorithms that select which examples to use, based on the current estimate of the features - can accelerate learning. Specifically, we investigate effects of heuristic and saliency-inspired selection algorithms on the dictionary learning task with sparse activations. We show that some selection algorithms do improve the speed of learning, and we speculate on why they might work.	447
What is the future of deep unsupervised learning?	Deep learning research landscape & roadmap in a nutshell: past, present   and future -- Towards deep cortical learning  The past, present and future of deep learning is presented in this work. Given this landscape & roadmap, we predict that deep cortical learning will be the convergence of deep learning & cortical learning which builds an artificial cortical column ultimately.	Deep learning research landscape & roadmap in a nutshell: past, present   and future -- Towards deep cortical learning  The past, present and future of deep learning is presented in this work. Given this landscape & roadmap, we predict that deep cortical learning will be the convergence of deep learning & cortical learning which builds an artificial cortical column ultimately.	406
What is the future of deep unsupervised learning?	Convergence of End-to-End Training in Deep Unsupervised Contrastive   Learning  Unsupervised contrastive learning has gained increasing attention in the latest research and has proven to be a powerful method for learning representations from unlabeled data. However, little theoretical analysis was known for this framework. In this paper, we study the optimization of deep unsupervised contrastive learning. We prove that, by applying end-to-end training that simultaneously updates two deep over-parameterized neural networks, one can find an approximate stationary solution for the non-convex contrastive loss. This result is inherently different from the existing over-parameterized analysis in the supervised setting because, in contrast to learning a specific target function, unsupervised contrastive learning tries to encode the unlabeled data distribution into the neural networks, which generally has no optimal solution. Our analysis provides theoretical insights into the practical success of these unsupervised pretraining methods.	Convergence of End-to-End Training in Deep Unsupervised Contrastive   Learning  Unsupervised contrastive learning has gained increasing attention in the latest research and has proven to be a powerful method for learning representations from unlabeled data. However, little theoretical analysis was known for this framework. In this paper, we study the optimization of deep unsupervised contrastive learning. We prove that, by applying end-to-end training that simultaneously updates two deep over-parameterized neural networks, one can find an approximate stationary solution for the non-convex contrastive loss. This result is inherently different from the existing over-parameterized analysis in the supervised setting because, in contrast to learning a specific target function, unsupervised contrastive learning tries to encode the unlabeled data distribution into the neural networks, which generally has no optimal solution. Our analysis provides theoretical insights into the practical success of these unsupervised pretraining methods.	440
What is the future of deep unsupervised learning?	Deep Learning for 3D Point Clouds: A Survey  Point cloud learning has lately attracted increasing attention due to its wide applications in many areas, such as computer vision, autonomous driving, and robotics. As a dominating technique in AI, deep learning has been successfully used to solve various 2D vision problems. However, deep learning on point clouds is still in its infancy due to the unique challenges faced by the processing of point clouds with deep neural networks. Recently, deep learning on point clouds has become even thriving, with numerous methods being proposed to address different problems in this area. To stimulate future research, this paper presents a comprehensive review of recent progress in deep learning methods for point clouds. It covers three major tasks, including 3D shape classification, 3D object detection and tracking, and 3D point cloud segmentation. It also presents comparative results on several publicly available datasets, together with insightful observations and inspiring future research directions.	Deep Learning for 3D Point Clouds: A Survey  Point cloud learning has lately attracted increasing attention due to its wide applications in many areas, such as computer vision, autonomous driving, and robotics. As a dominating technique in AI, deep learning has been successfully used to solve various 2D vision problems. However, deep learning on point clouds is still in its infancy due to the unique challenges faced by the processing of point clouds with deep neural networks. Recently, deep learning on point clouds has become even thriving, with numerous methods being proposed to address different problems in this area. To stimulate future research, this paper presents a comprehensive review of recent progress in deep learning methods for point clouds. It covers three major tasks, including 3D shape classification, 3D object detection and tracking, and 3D point cloud segmentation. It also presents comparative results on several publicly available datasets, together with insightful observations and inspiring future research directions.	426
What is the future of deep unsupervised learning?	Deep Learning for Sensor-based Activity Recognition: A Survey  Sensor-based activity recognition seeks the profound high-level knowledge about human activities from multitudes of low-level sensor readings. Conventional pattern recognition approaches have made tremendous progress in the past years. However, those methods often heavily rely on heuristic hand-crafted feature extraction, which could hinder their generalization performance. Additionally, existing methods are undermined for unsupervised and incremental learning tasks. Recently, the recent advancement of deep learning makes it possible to perform automatic high-level feature extraction thus achieves promising performance in many areas. Since then, deep learning based methods have been widely adopted for the sensor-based activity recognition tasks. This paper surveys the recent advance of deep learning based sensor-based activity recognition. We summarize existing literature from three aspects: sensor modality, deep model, and application. We also present detailed insights on existing work and propose grand challenges for future research.	Deep Learning for Sensor-based Activity Recognition: A Survey  Sensor-based activity recognition seeks the profound high-level knowledge about human activities from multitudes of low-level sensor readings. Conventional pattern recognition approaches have made tremendous progress in the past years. However, those methods often heavily rely on heuristic hand-crafted feature extraction, which could hinder their generalization performance. Additionally, existing methods are undermined for unsupervised and incremental learning tasks. Recently, the recent advancement of deep learning makes it possible to perform automatic high-level feature extraction thus achieves promising performance in many areas. Since then, deep learning based methods have been widely adopted for the sensor-based activity recognition tasks. This paper surveys the recent advance of deep learning based sensor-based activity recognition. We summarize existing literature from three aspects: sensor modality, deep model, and application. We also present detailed insights on existing work and propose grand challenges for future research.	415
What is the future of deep unsupervised learning?	Deep Learning in Pharmacogenomics: From Gene Regulation to Patient   Stratification  This Perspective provides examples of current and future applications of deep learning in pharmacogenomics, including: (1) identification of novel regulatory variants located in noncoding domains and their function as applied to pharmacoepigenomics; (2) patient stratification from medical records; and (3) prediction of drugs, targets, and their interactions. Deep learning encapsulates a family of machine learning algorithms that over the last decade has transformed many important subfields of artificial intelligence (AI) and has demonstrated breakthrough performance improvements on a wide range of tasks in biomedicine. We anticipate that in the future deep learning will be widely used to predict personalized drug response and optimize medication selection and dosing, using knowledge extracted from large and complex molecular, epidemiological, clinical, and demographic datasets.	Deep Learning in Pharmacogenomics: From Gene Regulation to Patient   Stratification  This Perspective provides examples of current and future applications of deep learning in pharmacogenomics, including: (1) identification of novel regulatory variants located in noncoding domains and their function as applied to pharmacoepigenomics; (2) patient stratification from medical records; and (3) prediction of drugs, targets, and their interactions. Deep learning encapsulates a family of machine learning algorithms that over the last decade has transformed many important subfields of artificial intelligence (AI) and has demonstrated breakthrough performance improvements on a wide range of tasks in biomedicine. We anticipate that in the future deep learning will be widely used to predict personalized drug response and optimize medication selection and dosing, using knowledge extracted from large and complex molecular, epidemiological, clinical, and demographic datasets.	438
What are some issues with Unsupervised Learning?	Setting up a Reinforcement Learning Task with a Real-World Robot  Reinforcement learning is a promising approach to developing hard-to-engineer adaptive solutions for complex and diverse robotic tasks. However, learning with real-world robots is often unreliable and difficult, which resulted in their low adoption in reinforcement learning research. This difficulty is worsened by the lack of guidelines for setting up learning tasks with robots. In this work, we develop a learning task with a UR5 robotic arm to bring to light some key elements of a task setup and study their contributions to the challenges with robots. We find that learning performance can be highly sensitive to the setup, and thus oversights and omissions in setup details can make effective learning, reproducibility, and fair comparison hard. Our study suggests some mitigating steps to help future experimenters avoid difficulties and pitfalls. We show that highly reliable and repeatable experiments can be performed in our setup, indicating the possibility of reinforcement learning research extensively based on real-world robots.	Setting up a Reinforcement Learning Task with a Real-World Robot  Reinforcement learning is a promising approach to developing hard-to-engineer adaptive solutions for complex and diverse robotic tasks. However, learning with real-world robots is often unreliable and difficult, which resulted in their low adoption in reinforcement learning research. This difficulty is worsened by the lack of guidelines for setting up learning tasks with robots. In this work, we develop a learning task with a UR5 robotic arm to bring to light some key elements of a task setup and study their contributions to the challenges with robots. We find that learning performance can be highly sensitive to the setup, and thus oversights and omissions in setup details can make effective learning, reproducibility, and fair comparison hard. Our study suggests some mitigating steps to help future experimenters avoid difficulties and pitfalls. We show that highly reliable and repeatable experiments can be performed in our setup, indicating the possibility of reinforcement learning research extensively based on real-world robots.	402
What are some issues with Unsupervised Learning?	Convergence of End-to-End Training in Deep Unsupervised Contrastive   Learning  Unsupervised contrastive learning has gained increasing attention in the latest research and has proven to be a powerful method for learning representations from unlabeled data. However, little theoretical analysis was known for this framework. In this paper, we study the optimization of deep unsupervised contrastive learning. We prove that, by applying end-to-end training that simultaneously updates two deep over-parameterized neural networks, one can find an approximate stationary solution for the non-convex contrastive loss. This result is inherently different from the existing over-parameterized analysis in the supervised setting because, in contrast to learning a specific target function, unsupervised contrastive learning tries to encode the unlabeled data distribution into the neural networks, which generally has no optimal solution. Our analysis provides theoretical insights into the practical success of these unsupervised pretraining methods.	Convergence of End-to-End Training in Deep Unsupervised Contrastive   Learning  Unsupervised contrastive learning has gained increasing attention in the latest research and has proven to be a powerful method for learning representations from unlabeled data. However, little theoretical analysis was known for this framework. In this paper, we study the optimization of deep unsupervised contrastive learning. We prove that, by applying end-to-end training that simultaneously updates two deep over-parameterized neural networks, one can find an approximate stationary solution for the non-convex contrastive loss. This result is inherently different from the existing over-parameterized analysis in the supervised setting because, in contrast to learning a specific target function, unsupervised contrastive learning tries to encode the unlabeled data distribution into the neural networks, which generally has no optimal solution. Our analysis provides theoretical insights into the practical success of these unsupervised pretraining methods.	401
What are some issues with Unsupervised Learning?	Learning from Multiple Corrupted Sources, with Application to Learning   from Label Proportions  We study binary classification in the setting where the learner is presented with multiple corrupted training samples, with possibly different sample sizes and degrees of corruption, and introduce an approach based on minimizing a weighted combination of corruption-corrected empirical risks. We establish a generalization error bound, and further show that the bound is optimized when the weights are certain interpretable and intuitive functions of the sample sizes and degrees of corruptions. We then apply this setting to the problem of learning with label proportions (LLP), and propose an algorithm that enjoys the most general statistical performance guarantees known for LLP. Experiments demonstrate the utility of our theory.	Learning from Multiple Corrupted Sources, with Application to Learning   from Label Proportions  We study binary classification in the setting where the learner is presented with multiple corrupted training samples, with possibly different sample sizes and degrees of corruption, and introduce an approach based on minimizing a weighted combination of corruption-corrected empirical risks. We establish a generalization error bound, and further show that the bound is optimized when the weights are certain interpretable and intuitive functions of the sample sizes and degrees of corruptions. We then apply this setting to the problem of learning with label proportions (LLP), and propose an algorithm that enjoys the most general statistical performance guarantees known for LLP. Experiments demonstrate the utility of our theory.	389
What are some issues with Unsupervised Learning?	Example Selection For Dictionary Learning  In unsupervised learning, an unbiased uniform sampling strategy is typically used, in order that the learned features faithfully encode the statistical structure of the training data. In this work, we explore whether active example selection strategies - algorithms that select which examples to use, based on the current estimate of the features - can accelerate learning. Specifically, we investigate effects of heuristic and saliency-inspired selection algorithms on the dictionary learning task with sparse activations. We show that some selection algorithms do improve the speed of learning, and we speculate on why they might work.	Example Selection For Dictionary Learning  In unsupervised learning, an unbiased uniform sampling strategy is typically used, in order that the learned features faithfully encode the statistical structure of the training data. In this work, we explore whether active example selection strategies - algorithms that select which examples to use, based on the current estimate of the features - can accelerate learning. Specifically, we investigate effects of heuristic and saliency-inspired selection algorithms on the dictionary learning task with sparse activations. We show that some selection algorithms do improve the speed of learning, and we speculate on why they might work.	384
What are some issues with Unsupervised Learning?	Unsupervised Feature Learning for low-level Local Image Descriptors  Unsupervised feature learning has shown impressive results for a wide range of input modalities, in particular for object classification tasks in computer vision. Using a large amount of unlabeled data, unsupervised feature learning methods are utilized to construct high-level representations that are discriminative enough for subsequently trained supervised classification algorithms. However, it has never been \emph{quantitatively} investigated yet how well unsupervised learning methods can find \emph{low-level representations} for image patches without any additional supervision. In this paper we examine the performance of pure unsupervised methods on a low-level correspondence task, a problem that is central to many Computer Vision applications. We find that a special type of Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBMs) performs comparably to hand-crafted descriptors. Additionally, a simple binarization scheme produces compact representations that perform better than several state-of-the-art descriptors.	Unsupervised Feature Learning for low-level Local Image Descriptors  Unsupervised feature learning has shown impressive results for a wide range of input modalities, in particular for object classification tasks in computer vision. Using a large amount of unlabeled data, unsupervised feature learning methods are utilized to construct high-level representations that are discriminative enough for subsequently trained supervised classification algorithms. However, it has never been \emph{quantitatively} investigated yet how well unsupervised learning methods can find \emph{low-level representations} for image patches without any additional supervision. In this paper we examine the performance of pure unsupervised methods on a low-level correspondence task, a problem that is central to many Computer Vision applications. We find that a special type of Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBMs) performs comparably to hand-crafted descriptors. Additionally, a simple binarization scheme produces compact representations that perform better than several state-of-the-art descriptors.	395
What is unsupervised learning with example?	Are skip connections necessary for biologically plausible learning   rules?  Backpropagation is the workhorse of deep learning, however, several other biologically-motivated learning rules have been introduced, such as random feedback alignment and difference target propagation. None of these methods have produced a competitive performance against backpropagation. In this paper, we show that biologically-motivated learning rules with skip connections between intermediate layers can perform as well as backpropagation on the MNIST dataset and are robust to various sets of hyper-parameters.	Are skip connections necessary for biologically plausible learning   rules?  Backpropagation is the workhorse of deep learning, however, several other biologically-motivated learning rules have been introduced, such as random feedback alignment and difference target propagation. None of these methods have produced a competitive performance against backpropagation. In this paper, we show that biologically-motivated learning rules with skip connections between intermediate layers can perform as well as backpropagation on the MNIST dataset and are robust to various sets of hyper-parameters.	370
What is unsupervised learning with example?	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition. To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition. To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	378
What is unsupervised learning with example?	How a minimal learning agent can infer the existence of unobserved   variables in a complex environment  According to a mainstream position in contemporary cognitive science and philosophy, the use of abstract compositional concepts is both a necessary and a sufficient condition for the presence of genuine thought. In this article, we show how the ability to develop and utilise abstract conceptual structures can be achieved by a particular kind of learning agents. More specifically, we provide and motivate a concrete operational definition of what it means for these agents to be in possession of abstract concepts, before presenting an explicit example of a minimal architecture that supports this capability. We then proceed to demonstrate how the existence of abstract conceptual structures can be operationally useful in the process of employing previously acquired knowledge in the face of new experiences, thereby vindicating the natural conjecture that the cognitive functions of abstraction and generalisation are closely related.   Keywords: concept formation, projective simulation, reinforcement learning, transparent artificial intelligence, theory formation, explainable artificial intelligence (XAI)	How a minimal learning agent can infer the existence of unobserved   variables in a complex environment  According to a mainstream position in contemporary cognitive science and philosophy, the use of abstract compositional concepts is both a necessary and a sufficient condition for the presence of genuine thought. In this article, we show how the ability to develop and utilise abstract conceptual structures can be achieved by a particular kind of learning agents. More specifically, we provide and motivate a concrete operational definition of what it means for these agents to be in possession of abstract concepts, before presenting an explicit example of a minimal architecture that supports this capability. We then proceed to demonstrate how the existence of abstract conceptual structures can be operationally useful in the process of employing previously acquired knowledge in the face of new experiences, thereby vindicating the natural conjecture that the cognitive functions of abstraction and generalisation are closely related.   Keywords: concept formation, projective simulation, reinforcement learning, transparent artificial intelligence, theory formation, explainable artificial intelligence (XAI)	390
What is unsupervised learning with example?	Learning from Multiple Corrupted Sources, with Application to Learning   from Label Proportions  We study binary classification in the setting where the learner is presented with multiple corrupted training samples, with possibly different sample sizes and degrees of corruption, and introduce an approach based on minimizing a weighted combination of corruption-corrected empirical risks. We establish a generalization error bound, and further show that the bound is optimized when the weights are certain interpretable and intuitive functions of the sample sizes and degrees of corruptions. We then apply this setting to the problem of learning with label proportions (LLP), and propose an algorithm that enjoys the most general statistical performance guarantees known for LLP. Experiments demonstrate the utility of our theory.	Learning from Multiple Corrupted Sources, with Application to Learning   from Label Proportions  We study binary classification in the setting where the learner is presented with multiple corrupted training samples, with possibly different sample sizes and degrees of corruption, and introduce an approach based on minimizing a weighted combination of corruption-corrected empirical risks. We establish a generalization error bound, and further show that the bound is optimized when the weights are certain interpretable and intuitive functions of the sample sizes and degrees of corruptions. We then apply this setting to the problem of learning with label proportions (LLP), and propose an algorithm that enjoys the most general statistical performance guarantees known for LLP. Experiments demonstrate the utility of our theory.	381
What is unsupervised learning with example?	Example Selection For Dictionary Learning  In unsupervised learning, an unbiased uniform sampling strategy is typically used, in order that the learned features faithfully encode the statistical structure of the training data. In this work, we explore whether active example selection strategies - algorithms that select which examples to use, based on the current estimate of the features - can accelerate learning. Specifically, we investigate effects of heuristic and saliency-inspired selection algorithms on the dictionary learning task with sparse activations. We show that some selection algorithms do improve the speed of learning, and we speculate on why they might work.	Example Selection For Dictionary Learning  In unsupervised learning, an unbiased uniform sampling strategy is typically used, in order that the learned features faithfully encode the statistical structure of the training data. In this work, we explore whether active example selection strategies - algorithms that select which examples to use, based on the current estimate of the features - can accelerate learning. Specifically, we investigate effects of heuristic and saliency-inspired selection algorithms on the dictionary learning task with sparse activations. We show that some selection algorithms do improve the speed of learning, and we speculate on why they might work.	349
Why could generative models help with unsupervised learning?	Knowledge-Based Regularization in Generative Modeling  Prior domain knowledge can greatly help to learn generative models. However, it is often too costly to hard-code prior knowledge as a specific model architecture, so we often have to use general-purpose models. In this paper, we propose a method to incorporate prior knowledge of feature relations into the learning of general-purpose generative models. To this end, we formulate a regularizer that makes the marginals of a generative model to follow prescribed relative dependence of features. It can be incorporated into off-the-shelf learning methods of many generative models, including variational autoencoders and generative adversarial networks, as its gradients can be computed using standard backpropagation techniques. We show the effectiveness of the proposed method with experiments on multiple types of datasets and generative models.	Knowledge-Based Regularization in Generative Modeling  Prior domain knowledge can greatly help to learn generative models. However, it is often too costly to hard-code prior knowledge as a specific model architecture, so we often have to use general-purpose models. In this paper, we propose a method to incorporate prior knowledge of feature relations into the learning of general-purpose generative models. To this end, we formulate a regularizer that makes the marginals of a generative model to follow prescribed relative dependence of features. It can be incorporated into off-the-shelf learning methods of many generative models, including variational autoencoders and generative adversarial networks, as its gradients can be computed using standard backpropagation techniques. We show the effectiveness of the proposed method with experiments on multiple types of datasets and generative models.	363
Why could generative models help with unsupervised learning?	Model Slicing for Supporting Complex Analytics with Elastic Inference   Cost and Resource Constraints  Deep learning models have been used to support analytics beyond simple aggregation, where deeper and wider models have been shown to yield great results. These models consume a huge amount of memory and computational operations. However, most of the large-scale industrial applications are often computational budget constrained. In practice, the peak workload of inference service could be 10x higher than the average cases, with the presence of unpredictable extreme cases. Lots of computational resources could be wasted during off-peak hours and the system may crash when the workload exceeds system capacity. How to support deep learning services with a dynamic workload cost-efficiently remains a challenging problem. In this paper, we address the challenge with a general and novel training scheme called model slicing, which enables deep learning models to provide predictions within the prescribed computational resource budget dynamically. Model slicing could be viewed as an elastic computation solution without requiring more computational resources. Succinctly, each layer in the model is divided into groups of a contiguous block of basic components (i.e. neurons in dense layers and channels in convolutional layers), and then partially ordered relation is introduced to these groups by enforcing that groups participated in each forward pass always starts from the first group to the dynamically-determined rightmost group. Trained by dynamically indexing the rightmost group with a single parameter slice rate, the network is engendered to build up group-wise and residual representation. Then during inference, a sub-model with fewer groups can be readily deployed for efficiency whose computation is roughly quadratic to the width controlled by the slice rate. Extensive experiments show that models trained with model slicing can effectively support on-demand workload with elastic inference cost.	Model Slicing for Supporting Complex Analytics with Elastic Inference   Cost and Resource Constraints  Deep learning models have been used to support analytics beyond simple aggregation, where deeper and wider models have been shown to yield great results. These models consume a huge amount of memory and computational operations. However, most of the large-scale industrial applications are often computational budget constrained. In practice, the peak workload of inference service could be 10x higher than the average cases, with the presence of unpredictable extreme cases. Lots of computational resources could be wasted during off-peak hours and the system may crash when the workload exceeds system capacity. How to support deep learning services with a dynamic workload cost-efficiently remains a challenging problem. In this paper, we address the challenge with a general and novel training scheme called model slicing, which enables deep learning models to provide predictions within the prescribed computational resource budget dynamically. Model slicing could be viewed as an elastic computation solution without requiring more computational resources. Succinctly, each layer in the model is divided into groups of a contiguous block of basic components (i.e. neurons in dense layers and channels in convolutional layers), and then partially ordered relation is introduced to these groups by enforcing that groups participated in each forward pass always starts from the first group to the dynamically-determined rightmost group. Trained by dynamically indexing the rightmost group with a single parameter slice rate, the network is engendered to build up group-wise and residual representation. Then during inference, a sub-model with fewer groups can be readily deployed for efficiency whose computation is roughly quadratic to the width controlled by the slice rate. Extensive experiments show that models trained with model slicing can effectively support on-demand workload with elastic inference cost.	385
Why could generative models help with unsupervised learning?	Hierarchical Mixtures of Generators for Adversarial Learning  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are deep neural networks that allow us to sample from an arbitrary probability distribution without explicitly estimating the distribution. There is a generator that takes a latent vector as input and transforms it into a valid sample from the distribution. There is also a discriminator that is trained to discriminate such fake samples from true samples of the distribution; at the same time, the generator is trained to generate fakes that the discriminator cannot tell apart from the true samples. Instead of learning a global generator, a recent approach involves training multiple generators each responsible from one part of the distribution. In this work, we review such approaches and propose the hierarchical mixture of generators, inspired from the hierarchical mixture of experts model, that learns a tree structure implementing a hierarchical clustering with soft splits in the decision nodes and local generators in the leaves. Since the generators are combined softly, the whole model is continuous and can be trained using gradient-based optimization, just like the original GAN model. Our experiments on five image data sets, namely, MNIST, FashionMNIST, UTZap50K, Oxford Flowers, and CelebA, show that our proposed model generates samples of high quality and diversity in terms of popular GAN evaluation metrics. The learned hierarchical structure also leads to knowledge extraction.	Hierarchical Mixtures of Generators for Adversarial Learning  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are deep neural networks that allow us to sample from an arbitrary probability distribution without explicitly estimating the distribution. There is a generator that takes a latent vector as input and transforms it into a valid sample from the distribution. There is also a discriminator that is trained to discriminate such fake samples from true samples of the distribution; at the same time, the generator is trained to generate fakes that the discriminator cannot tell apart from the true samples. Instead of learning a global generator, a recent approach involves training multiple generators each responsible from one part of the distribution. In this work, we review such approaches and propose the hierarchical mixture of generators, inspired from the hierarchical mixture of experts model, that learns a tree structure implementing a hierarchical clustering with soft splits in the decision nodes and local generators in the leaves. Since the generators are combined softly, the whole model is continuous and can be trained using gradient-based optimization, just like the original GAN model. Our experiments on five image data sets, namely, MNIST, FashionMNIST, UTZap50K, Oxford Flowers, and CelebA, show that our proposed model generates samples of high quality and diversity in terms of popular GAN evaluation metrics. The learned hierarchical structure also leads to knowledge extraction.	384
Why could generative models help with unsupervised learning?	Model-Free Unsupervised Learning for Optimization Problems with   Constraints  In many optimization problems in wireless communications, the expressions of objective function or constraints are hard or even impossible to derive, which makes the solutions difficult to find. In this paper, we propose a model-free learning framework to solve constrained optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solution. Neural networks are used respectively for parameterizing the function to be optimized, parameterizing the Lagrange multiplier associated with instantaneous constraints, and approximating the unknown objective function or constraints. We provide learning algorithms to train all the neural networks simultaneously, and reveal the connections of the proposed framework with reinforcement learning. Numerical and simulation results validate the proposed framework and demonstrate the efficiency of model-free learning by taking power control problem as an example.	Model-Free Unsupervised Learning for Optimization Problems with   Constraints  In many optimization problems in wireless communications, the expressions of objective function or constraints are hard or even impossible to derive, which makes the solutions difficult to find. In this paper, we propose a model-free learning framework to solve constrained optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solution. Neural networks are used respectively for parameterizing the function to be optimized, parameterizing the Lagrange multiplier associated with instantaneous constraints, and approximating the unknown objective function or constraints. We provide learning algorithms to train all the neural networks simultaneously, and reveal the connections of the proposed framework with reinforcement learning. Numerical and simulation results validate the proposed framework and demonstrate the efficiency of model-free learning by taking power control problem as an example.	361
Why could generative models help with unsupervised learning?	Training a Restricted Boltzmann Machine for Classification by Labeling   Model Samples  We propose an alternative method for training a classification model. Using the MNIST set of handwritten digits and Restricted Boltzmann Machines, it is possible to reach a classification performance competitive to semi-supervised learning if we first train a model in an unsupervised fashion on unlabeled data only, and then manually add labels to model samples instead of training data samples with the help of a GUI. This approach can benefit from the fact that model samples can be presented to the human labeler in a video-like fashion, resulting in a higher number of labeled examples. Also, after some initial training, hard-to-classify examples can be distinguished from easy ones automatically, saving manual work.	Training a Restricted Boltzmann Machine for Classification by Labeling   Model Samples  We propose an alternative method for training a classification model. Using the MNIST set of handwritten digits and Restricted Boltzmann Machines, it is possible to reach a classification performance competitive to semi-supervised learning if we first train a model in an unsupervised fashion on unlabeled data only, and then manually add labels to model samples instead of training data samples with the help of a GUI. This approach can benefit from the fact that model samples can be presented to the human labeler in a video-like fashion, resulting in a higher number of labeled examples. Also, after some initial training, hard-to-classify examples can be distinguished from easy ones automatically, saving manual work.	373
What are some recent and potentially upcoming breakthroughs in unsupervised learning?	Setting up a Reinforcement Learning Task with a Real-World Robot  Reinforcement learning is a promising approach to developing hard-to-engineer adaptive solutions for complex and diverse robotic tasks. However, learning with real-world robots is often unreliable and difficult, which resulted in their low adoption in reinforcement learning research. This difficulty is worsened by the lack of guidelines for setting up learning tasks with robots. In this work, we develop a learning task with a UR5 robotic arm to bring to light some key elements of a task setup and study their contributions to the challenges with robots. We find that learning performance can be highly sensitive to the setup, and thus oversights and omissions in setup details can make effective learning, reproducibility, and fair comparison hard. Our study suggests some mitigating steps to help future experimenters avoid difficulties and pitfalls. We show that highly reliable and repeatable experiments can be performed in our setup, indicating the possibility of reinforcement learning research extensively based on real-world robots.	Setting up a Reinforcement Learning Task with a Real-World Robot  Reinforcement learning is a promising approach to developing hard-to-engineer adaptive solutions for complex and diverse robotic tasks. However, learning with real-world robots is often unreliable and difficult, which resulted in their low adoption in reinforcement learning research. This difficulty is worsened by the lack of guidelines for setting up learning tasks with robots. In this work, we develop a learning task with a UR5 robotic arm to bring to light some key elements of a task setup and study their contributions to the challenges with robots. We find that learning performance can be highly sensitive to the setup, and thus oversights and omissions in setup details can make effective learning, reproducibility, and fair comparison hard. Our study suggests some mitigating steps to help future experimenters avoid difficulties and pitfalls. We show that highly reliable and repeatable experiments can be performed in our setup, indicating the possibility of reinforcement learning research extensively based on real-world robots.	335
What are some recent and potentially upcoming breakthroughs in unsupervised learning?	Learning from Multiple Corrupted Sources, with Application to Learning   from Label Proportions  We study binary classification in the setting where the learner is presented with multiple corrupted training samples, with possibly different sample sizes and degrees of corruption, and introduce an approach based on minimizing a weighted combination of corruption-corrected empirical risks. We establish a generalization error bound, and further show that the bound is optimized when the weights are certain interpretable and intuitive functions of the sample sizes and degrees of corruptions. We then apply this setting to the problem of learning with label proportions (LLP), and propose an algorithm that enjoys the most general statistical performance guarantees known for LLP. Experiments demonstrate the utility of our theory.	Learning from Multiple Corrupted Sources, with Application to Learning   from Label Proportions  We study binary classification in the setting where the learner is presented with multiple corrupted training samples, with possibly different sample sizes and degrees of corruption, and introduce an approach based on minimizing a weighted combination of corruption-corrected empirical risks. We establish a generalization error bound, and further show that the bound is optimized when the weights are certain interpretable and intuitive functions of the sample sizes and degrees of corruptions. We then apply this setting to the problem of learning with label proportions (LLP), and propose an algorithm that enjoys the most general statistical performance guarantees known for LLP. Experiments demonstrate the utility of our theory.	322
What are some recent and potentially upcoming breakthroughs in unsupervised learning?	Learning retrosynthetic planning through self-play  The problem of retrosynthetic planning can be framed as one player game, in which the chemist (or a computer program) works backwards from a molecular target to simpler starting materials though a series of choices regarding which reactions to perform. This game is challenging as the combinatorial space of possible choices is astronomical, and the value of each choice remains uncertain until the synthesis plan is completed and its cost evaluated. Here, we address this problem using deep reinforcement learning to identify policies that make (near) optimal reaction choices during each step of retrosynthetic planning. Using simulated experience or self-play, we train neural networks to estimate the expected synthesis cost or value of any given molecule based on a representation of its molecular structure. We show that learned policies based on this value network outperform heuristic approaches in synthesizing unfamiliar molecules from available starting materials using the fewest number of reactions. We discuss how the learned policies described here can be incorporated into existing synthesis planning tools and how they can be adapted to changes in the synthesis cost objective or material availability.	Learning retrosynthetic planning through self-play  The problem of retrosynthetic planning can be framed as one player game, in which the chemist (or a computer program) works backwards from a molecular target to simpler starting materials though a series of choices regarding which reactions to perform. This game is challenging as the combinatorial space of possible choices is astronomical, and the value of each choice remains uncertain until the synthesis plan is completed and its cost evaluated. Here, we address this problem using deep reinforcement learning to identify policies that make (near) optimal reaction choices during each step of retrosynthetic planning. Using simulated experience or self-play, we train neural networks to estimate the expected synthesis cost or value of any given molecule based on a representation of its molecular structure. We show that learned policies based on this value network outperform heuristic approaches in synthesizing unfamiliar molecules from available starting materials using the fewest number of reactions. We discuss how the learned policies described here can be incorporated into existing synthesis planning tools and how they can be adapted to changes in the synthesis cost objective or material availability.	332
What are some recent and potentially upcoming breakthroughs in unsupervised learning?	Exploration Potential  We introduce exploration potential, a quantity that measures how much a reinforcement learning agent has explored its environment class. In contrast to information gain, exploration potential takes the problem's reward structure into account. This leads to an exploration criterion that is both necessary and sufficient for asymptotic optimality (learning to act optimally across the entire environment class). Our experiments in multi-armed bandits use exploration potential to illustrate how different algorithms make the tradeoff between exploration and exploitation.	Exploration Potential  We introduce exploration potential, a quantity that measures how much a reinforcement learning agent has explored its environment class. In contrast to information gain, exploration potential takes the problem's reward structure into account. This leads to an exploration criterion that is both necessary and sufficient for asymptotic optimality (learning to act optimally across the entire environment class). Our experiments in multi-armed bandits use exploration potential to illustrate how different algorithms make the tradeoff between exploration and exploitation.	321
What are some recent and potentially upcoming breakthroughs in unsupervised learning?	Learning to Impute: A General Framework for Semi-supervised Learning  Recent semi-supervised learning methods have shown to achieve comparable results to their supervised counterparts while using only a small portion of labels in image classification tasks thanks to their regularization strategies. In this paper, we take a more direct approach for semi-supervised learning and propose learning to impute the labels of unlabeled samples such that a network achieves better generalization when it is trained on these labels. We pose the problem in a learning-to-learn formulation which can easily be incorporated to the state-of-the-art semi-supervised techniques and boost their performance especially when the labels are limited. We demonstrate that our method is applicable to both classification and regression problems including image classification and facial landmark detection tasks.	Learning to Impute: A General Framework for Semi-supervised Learning  Recent semi-supervised learning methods have shown to achieve comparable results to their supervised counterparts while using only a small portion of labels in image classification tasks thanks to their regularization strategies. In this paper, we take a more direct approach for semi-supervised learning and propose learning to impute the labels of unlabeled samples such that a network achieves better generalization when it is trained on these labels. We pose the problem in a learning-to-learn formulation which can easily be incorporated to the state-of-the-art semi-supervised techniques and boost their performance especially when the labels are limited. We demonstrate that our method is applicable to both classification and regression problems including image classification and facial landmark detection tasks.	335
Can neural networks be used to solve unsupervised learning problems?	It's Not What Machines Can Learn, It's What We Cannot Teach  Can deep neural networks learn to solve any task, and in particular problems of high complexity? This question attracts a lot of interest, with recent works tackling computationally hard tasks such as the traveling salesman problem and satisfiability. In this work we offer a different perspective on this question. Given the common assumption that $\textit{NP} \neq \textit{coNP}$ we prove that any polynomial-time sample generator for an $\textit{NP}$-hard problem samples, in fact, from an easier sub-problem. We empirically explore a case study, Conjunctive Query Containment, and show how common data generation techniques generate biased datasets that lead practitioners to over-estimate model accuracy. Our results suggest that machine learning approaches that require training on a dense uniform sampling from the target distribution cannot be used to solve computationally hard problems, the reason being the difficulty of generating sufficiently large and unbiased training sets.	It's Not What Machines Can Learn, It's What We Cannot Teach  Can deep neural networks learn to solve any task, and in particular problems of high complexity? This question attracts a lot of interest, with recent works tackling computationally hard tasks such as the traveling salesman problem and satisfiability. In this work we offer a different perspective on this question. Given the common assumption that $\textit{NP} \neq \textit{coNP}$ we prove that any polynomial-time sample generator for an $\textit{NP}$-hard problem samples, in fact, from an easier sub-problem. We empirically explore a case study, Conjunctive Query Containment, and show how common data generation techniques generate biased datasets that lead practitioners to over-estimate model accuracy. Our results suggest that machine learning approaches that require training on a dense uniform sampling from the target distribution cannot be used to solve computationally hard problems, the reason being the difficulty of generating sufficiently large and unbiased training sets.	334
Can neural networks be used to solve unsupervised learning problems?	Dictionary Learning by Dynamical Neural Networks  A dynamical neural network consists of a set of interconnected neurons that interact over time continuously. It can exhibit computational properties in the sense that the dynamical system's evolution and/or limit points in the associated state space can correspond to numerical solutions to certain mathematical optimization or learning problems. Such a computational system is particularly attractive in that it can be mapped to a massively parallel computer architecture for power and throughput efficiency, especially if each neuron can rely solely on local information (i.e., local memory). Deriving gradients from the dynamical network's various states while conforming to this last constraint, however, is challenging. We show that by combining ideas of top-down feedback and contrastive learning, a dynamical network for solving the l1-minimizing dictionary learning problem can be constructed, and the true gradients for learning are provably computable by individual neurons. Using spiking neurons to construct our dynamical network, we present a learning process, its rigorous mathematical analysis, and numerical results on several dictionary learning problems.	Dictionary Learning by Dynamical Neural Networks  A dynamical neural network consists of a set of interconnected neurons that interact over time continuously. It can exhibit computational properties in the sense that the dynamical system's evolution and/or limit points in the associated state space can correspond to numerical solutions to certain mathematical optimization or learning problems. Such a computational system is particularly attractive in that it can be mapped to a massively parallel computer architecture for power and throughput efficiency, especially if each neuron can rely solely on local information (i.e., local memory). Deriving gradients from the dynamical network's various states while conforming to this last constraint, however, is challenging. We show that by combining ideas of top-down feedback and contrastive learning, a dynamical network for solving the l1-minimizing dictionary learning problem can be constructed, and the true gradients for learning are provably computable by individual neurons. Using spiking neurons to construct our dynamical network, we present a learning process, its rigorous mathematical analysis, and numerical results on several dictionary learning problems.	345
Can neural networks be used to solve unsupervised learning problems?	Model-Free Unsupervised Learning for Optimization Problems with   Constraints  In many optimization problems in wireless communications, the expressions of objective function or constraints are hard or even impossible to derive, which makes the solutions difficult to find. In this paper, we propose a model-free learning framework to solve constrained optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solution. Neural networks are used respectively for parameterizing the function to be optimized, parameterizing the Lagrange multiplier associated with instantaneous constraints, and approximating the unknown objective function or constraints. We provide learning algorithms to train all the neural networks simultaneously, and reveal the connections of the proposed framework with reinforcement learning. Numerical and simulation results validate the proposed framework and demonstrate the efficiency of model-free learning by taking power control problem as an example.	Model-Free Unsupervised Learning for Optimization Problems with   Constraints  In many optimization problems in wireless communications, the expressions of objective function or constraints are hard or even impossible to derive, which makes the solutions difficult to find. In this paper, we propose a model-free learning framework to solve constrained optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solution. Neural networks are used respectively for parameterizing the function to be optimized, parameterizing the Lagrange multiplier associated with instantaneous constraints, and approximating the unknown objective function or constraints. We provide learning algorithms to train all the neural networks simultaneously, and reveal the connections of the proposed framework with reinforcement learning. Numerical and simulation results validate the proposed framework and demonstrate the efficiency of model-free learning by taking power control problem as an example.	328
Can neural networks be used to solve unsupervised learning problems?	Optimizing Wireless Systems Using Unsupervised and   Reinforced-Unsupervised Deep Learning  Resource allocation and transceivers in wireless networks are usually designed by solving optimization problems subject to specific constraints, which can be formulated as variable or functional optimization. If the objective and constraint functions of a variable optimization problem can be derived, standard numerical algorithms can be applied for finding the optimal solution, which however incur high computational cost when the dimension of the variable is high. To reduce the on-line computational complexity, learning the optimal solution as a function of the environment's status by deep neural networks (DNNs) is an effective approach. DNNs can be trained under the supervision of optimal solutions, which however, is not applicable to the scenarios without models or for functional optimization where the optimal solutions are hard to obtain. If the objective and constraint functions are unavailable, reinforcement learning can be applied to find the solution of a functional optimization problem, which is however not tailored to optimization problems in wireless networks. In this article, we introduce unsupervised and reinforced-unsupervised learning frameworks for solving both variable and functional optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solutions. When the mathematical model of the environment is completely known and the distribution of environment's status is known or unknown, we can invoke unsupervised learning algorithm. When the mathematical model of the environment is incomplete, we introduce reinforced-unsupervised learning algorithms that learn the model by interacting with the environment. Our simulation results confirm the applicability of these learning frameworks by taking a user association problem as an example.	Optimizing Wireless Systems Using Unsupervised and   Reinforced-Unsupervised Deep Learning  Resource allocation and transceivers in wireless networks are usually designed by solving optimization problems subject to specific constraints, which can be formulated as variable or functional optimization. If the objective and constraint functions of a variable optimization problem can be derived, standard numerical algorithms can be applied for finding the optimal solution, which however incur high computational cost when the dimension of the variable is high. To reduce the on-line computational complexity, learning the optimal solution as a function of the environment's status by deep neural networks (DNNs) is an effective approach. DNNs can be trained under the supervision of optimal solutions, which however, is not applicable to the scenarios without models or for functional optimization where the optimal solutions are hard to obtain. If the objective and constraint functions are unavailable, reinforcement learning can be applied to find the solution of a functional optimization problem, which is however not tailored to optimization problems in wireless networks. In this article, we introduce unsupervised and reinforced-unsupervised learning frameworks for solving both variable and functional optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solutions. When the mathematical model of the environment is completely known and the distribution of environment's status is known or unknown, we can invoke unsupervised learning algorithm. When the mathematical model of the environment is incomplete, we introduce reinforced-unsupervised learning algorithms that learn the model by interacting with the environment. Our simulation results confirm the applicability of these learning frameworks by taking a user association problem as an example.	322
Can neural networks be used to solve unsupervised learning problems?	Weight Uncertainty in Neural Networks  We introduce a new, efficient, principled and backpropagation-compatible algorithm for learning a probability distribution on the weights of a neural network, called Bayes by Backprop. It regularises the weights by minimising a compression cost, known as the variational free energy or the expected lower bound on the marginal likelihood. We show that this principled kind of regularisation yields comparable performance to dropout on MNIST classification. We then demonstrate how the learnt uncertainty in the weights can be used to improve generalisation in non-linear regression problems, and how this weight uncertainty can be used to drive the exploration-exploitation trade-off in reinforcement learning.	Weight Uncertainty in Neural Networks  We introduce a new, efficient, principled and backpropagation-compatible algorithm for learning a probability distribution on the weights of a neural network, called Bayes by Backprop. It regularises the weights by minimising a compression cost, known as the variational free energy or the expected lower bound on the marginal likelihood. We show that this principled kind of regularisation yields comparable performance to dropout on MNIST classification. We then demonstrate how the learnt uncertainty in the weights can be used to improve generalisation in non-linear regression problems, and how this weight uncertainty can be used to drive the exploration-exploitation trade-off in reinforcement learning.	340
What is the state of the art of Unsupervised Learning, and is human-likeUnsupervised Learning possible in the near future?	Techniques for Interpretable Machine Learning  Interpretable machine learning tackles the important problem that humans cannot understand the behaviors of complex machine learning models and how these models arrive at a particular decision. Although many approaches have been proposed, a comprehensive understanding of the achievements and challenges is still lacking. We provide a survey covering existing techniques to increase the interpretability of machine learning models. We also discuss crucial issues that the community should consider in future work such as designing user-friendly explanations and developing comprehensive evaluation metrics to further push forward the area of interpretable machine learning.	Techniques for Interpretable Machine Learning  Interpretable machine learning tackles the important problem that humans cannot understand the behaviors of complex machine learning models and how these models arrive at a particular decision. Although many approaches have been proposed, a comprehensive understanding of the achievements and challenges is still lacking. We provide a survey covering existing techniques to increase the interpretability of machine learning models. We also discuss crucial issues that the community should consider in future work such as designing user-friendly explanations and developing comprehensive evaluation metrics to further push forward the area of interpretable machine learning.	415
What is the state of the art of Unsupervised Learning, and is human-likeUnsupervised Learning possible in the near future?	Social Attention: Modeling Attention in Human Crowds  Robots that navigate through human crowds need to be able to plan safe, efficient, and human predictable trajectories. This is a particularly challenging problem as it requires the robot to predict future human trajectories within a crowd where everyone implicitly cooperates with each other to avoid collisions. Previous approaches to human trajectory prediction have modeled the interactions between humans as a function of proximity. However, that is not necessarily true as some people in our immediate vicinity moving in the same direction might not be as important as other people that are further away, but that might collide with us in the future. In this work, we propose Social Attention, a novel trajectory prediction model that captures the relative importance of each person when navigating in the crowd, irrespective of their proximity. We demonstrate the performance of our method against a state-of-the-art approach on two publicly available crowd datasets and analyze the trained attention model to gain a better understanding of which surrounding agents humans attend to, when navigating in a crowd.	Social Attention: Modeling Attention in Human Crowds  Robots that navigate through human crowds need to be able to plan safe, efficient, and human predictable trajectories. This is a particularly challenging problem as it requires the robot to predict future human trajectories within a crowd where everyone implicitly cooperates with each other to avoid collisions. Previous approaches to human trajectory prediction have modeled the interactions between humans as a function of proximity. However, that is not necessarily true as some people in our immediate vicinity moving in the same direction might not be as important as other people that are further away, but that might collide with us in the future. In this work, we propose Social Attention, a novel trajectory prediction model that captures the relative importance of each person when navigating in the crowd, irrespective of their proximity. We demonstrate the performance of our method against a state-of-the-art approach on two publicly available crowd datasets and analyze the trained attention model to gain a better understanding of which surrounding agents humans attend to, when navigating in a crowd.	414
What is the state of the art of Unsupervised Learning, and is human-likeUnsupervised Learning possible in the near future?	A Survey on Semi-Supervised Learning Techniques  Semisupervised learning is a learning standard which deals with the study of how computers and natural systems such as human beings acquire knowledge in the presence of both labeled and unlabeled data. Semisupervised learning based methods are preferred when compared to the supervised and unsupervised learning because of the improved performance shown by the semisupervised approaches in the presence of large volumes of data. Labels are very hard to attain while unlabeled data are surplus, therefore semisupervised learning is a noble indication to shrink human labor and improve accuracy. There has been a large spectrum of ideas on semisupervised learning. In this paper we bring out some of the key approaches for semisupervised learning.	A Survey on Semi-Supervised Learning Techniques  Semisupervised learning is a learning standard which deals with the study of how computers and natural systems such as human beings acquire knowledge in the presence of both labeled and unlabeled data. Semisupervised learning based methods are preferred when compared to the supervised and unsupervised learning because of the improved performance shown by the semisupervised approaches in the presence of large volumes of data. Labels are very hard to attain while unlabeled data are surplus, therefore semisupervised learning is a noble indication to shrink human labor and improve accuracy. There has been a large spectrum of ideas on semisupervised learning. In this paper we bring out some of the key approaches for semisupervised learning.	409
What is the state of the art of Unsupervised Learning, and is human-likeUnsupervised Learning possible in the near future?	Informing Artificial Intelligence Generative Techniques using Cognitive   Theories of Human Creativity  The common view that our creativity is what makes us uniquely human suggests that incorporating research on human creativity into generative deep learning techniques might be a fruitful avenue for making their outputs more compelling and human-like. Using an original synthesis of Deep Dream-based convolutional neural networks and cognitive based computational art rendering systems, we show how honing theory, intrinsic motivation, and the notion of a 'seed incident' can be implemented computationally, and demonstrate their impact on the resulting generative art. Conversely, we discuss how explorations in deep learn-ing convolutional neural net generative systems can inform our understanding of human creativity. We conclude with ideas for further cross-fertilization between AI based computational creativity and psychology of creativity.	Informing Artificial Intelligence Generative Techniques using Cognitive   Theories of Human Creativity  The common view that our creativity is what makes us uniquely human suggests that incorporating research on human creativity into generative deep learning techniques might be a fruitful avenue for making their outputs more compelling and human-like. Using an original synthesis of Deep Dream-based convolutional neural networks and cognitive based computational art rendering systems, we show how honing theory, intrinsic motivation, and the notion of a 'seed incident' can be implemented computationally, and demonstrate their impact on the resulting generative art. Conversely, we discuss how explorations in deep learn-ing convolutional neural net generative systems can inform our understanding of human creativity. We conclude with ideas for further cross-fertilization between AI based computational creativity and psychology of creativity.	415
What is the state of the art of Unsupervised Learning, and is human-likeUnsupervised Learning possible in the near future?	Representation Learning with Contrastive Predictive Coding  While supervised learning has enabled great progress in many applications, unsupervised learning has not seen such widespread adoption, and remains an important and challenging endeavor for artificial intelligence. In this work, we propose a universal unsupervised learning approach to extract useful representations from high-dimensional data, which we call Contrastive Predictive Coding. The key insight of our model is to learn such representations by predicting the future in latent space by using powerful autoregressive models. We use a probabilistic contrastive loss which induces the latent space to capture information that is maximally useful to predict future samples. It also makes the model tractable by using negative sampling. While most prior work has focused on evaluating representations for a particular modality, we demonstrate that our approach is able to learn useful representations achieving strong performance on four distinct domains: speech, images, text and reinforcement learning in 3D environments.	Representation Learning with Contrastive Predictive Coding  While supervised learning has enabled great progress in many applications, unsupervised learning has not seen such widespread adoption, and remains an important and challenging endeavor for artificial intelligence. In this work, we propose a universal unsupervised learning approach to extract useful representations from high-dimensional data, which we call Contrastive Predictive Coding. The key insight of our model is to learn such representations by predicting the future in latent space by using powerful autoregressive models. We use a probabilistic contrastive loss which induces the latent space to capture information that is maximally useful to predict future samples. It also makes the model tractable by using negative sampling. While most prior work has focused on evaluating representations for a particular modality, we demonstrate that our approach is able to learn useful representations achieving strong performance on four distinct domains: speech, images, text and reinforcement learning in 3D environments.	416
Why is reinforcement learning not considered unsupervised learning?	Learning Probabilistic Programs Using Backpropagation  Probabilistic modeling enables combining domain knowledge with learning from data, thereby supporting learning from fewer training instances than purely data-driven methods. However, learning probabilistic models is difficult and has not achieved the level of performance of methods such as deep neural networks on many tasks. In this paper, we attempt to address this issue by presenting a method for learning the parameters of a probabilistic program using backpropagation. Our approach opens the possibility to building deep probabilistic programming models that are trained in a similar way to neural networks.	Learning Probabilistic Programs Using Backpropagation  Probabilistic modeling enables combining domain knowledge with learning from data, thereby supporting learning from fewer training instances than purely data-driven methods. However, learning probabilistic models is difficult and has not achieved the level of performance of methods such as deep neural networks on many tasks. In this paper, we attempt to address this issue by presenting a method for learning the parameters of a probabilistic program using backpropagation. Our approach opens the possibility to building deep probabilistic programming models that are trained in a similar way to neural networks.	371
Why is reinforcement learning not considered unsupervised learning?	Learning the Reward Function for a Misspecified Model  In model-based reinforcement learning it is typical to decouple the problems of learning the dynamics model and learning the reward function. However, when the dynamics model is flawed, it may generate erroneous states that would never occur in the true environment. It is not clear a priori what value the reward function should assign to such states. This paper presents a novel error bound that accounts for the reward model's behavior in states sampled from the model. This bound is used to extend the existing Hallucinated DAgger-MC algorithm, which offers theoretical performance guarantees in deterministic MDPs that do not assume a perfect model can be learned. Empirically, this approach to reward learning can yield dramatic improvements in control performance when the dynamics model is flawed.	Learning the Reward Function for a Misspecified Model  In model-based reinforcement learning it is typical to decouple the problems of learning the dynamics model and learning the reward function. However, when the dynamics model is flawed, it may generate erroneous states that would never occur in the true environment. It is not clear a priori what value the reward function should assign to such states. This paper presents a novel error bound that accounts for the reward model's behavior in states sampled from the model. This bound is used to extend the existing Hallucinated DAgger-MC algorithm, which offers theoretical performance guarantees in deterministic MDPs that do not assume a perfect model can be learned. Empirically, this approach to reward learning can yield dramatic improvements in control performance when the dynamics model is flawed.	372
Why is reinforcement learning not considered unsupervised learning?	Continual Reinforcement Learning in 3D Non-stationary Environments  High-dimensional always-changing environments constitute a hard challenge for current reinforcement learning techniques. Artificial agents, nowadays, are often trained off-line in very static and controlled conditions in simulation such that training observations can be thought as sampled i.i.d. from the entire observations space. However, in real world settings, the environment is often non-stationary and subject to unpredictable, frequent changes. In this paper we propose and openly release CRLMaze, a new benchmark for learning continually through reinforcement in a complex 3D non-stationary task based on ViZDoom and subject to several environmental changes. Then, we introduce an end-to-end model-free continual reinforcement learning strategy showing competitive results with respect to four different baselines and not requiring any access to additional supervised signals, previously encountered environmental conditions or observations.	Continual Reinforcement Learning in 3D Non-stationary Environments  High-dimensional always-changing environments constitute a hard challenge for current reinforcement learning techniques. Artificial agents, nowadays, are often trained off-line in very static and controlled conditions in simulation such that training observations can be thought as sampled i.i.d. from the entire observations space. However, in real world settings, the environment is often non-stationary and subject to unpredictable, frequent changes. In this paper we propose and openly release CRLMaze, a new benchmark for learning continually through reinforcement in a complex 3D non-stationary task based on ViZDoom and subject to several environmental changes. Then, we introduce an end-to-end model-free continual reinforcement learning strategy showing competitive results with respect to four different baselines and not requiring any access to additional supervised signals, previously encountered environmental conditions or observations.	363
Why is reinforcement learning not considered unsupervised learning?	Learning Non-Discriminatory Predictors  We consider learning a predictor which is non-discriminatory with respect to a "protected attribute" according to the notion of "equalized odds" proposed by Hardt et al. [2016]. We study the problem of learning such a non-discriminatory predictor from a finite training set, both statistically and computationally. We show that a post-hoc correction approach, as suggested by Hardt et al, can be highly suboptimal, present a nearly-optimal statistical procedure, argue that the associated computational problem is intractable, and suggest a second moment relaxation of the non-discrimination definition for which learning is tractable.	Learning Non-Discriminatory Predictors  We consider learning a predictor which is non-discriminatory with respect to a "protected attribute" according to the notion of "equalized odds" proposed by Hardt et al. [2016]. We study the problem of learning such a non-discriminatory predictor from a finite training set, both statistically and computationally. We show that a post-hoc correction approach, as suggested by Hardt et al, can be highly suboptimal, present a nearly-optimal statistical procedure, argue that the associated computational problem is intractable, and suggest a second moment relaxation of the non-discrimination definition for which learning is tractable.	365
Why is reinforcement learning not considered unsupervised learning?	Optimizing Wireless Systems Using Unsupervised and   Reinforced-Unsupervised Deep Learning  Resource allocation and transceivers in wireless networks are usually designed by solving optimization problems subject to specific constraints, which can be formulated as variable or functional optimization. If the objective and constraint functions of a variable optimization problem can be derived, standard numerical algorithms can be applied for finding the optimal solution, which however incur high computational cost when the dimension of the variable is high. To reduce the on-line computational complexity, learning the optimal solution as a function of the environment's status by deep neural networks (DNNs) is an effective approach. DNNs can be trained under the supervision of optimal solutions, which however, is not applicable to the scenarios without models or for functional optimization where the optimal solutions are hard to obtain. If the objective and constraint functions are unavailable, reinforcement learning can be applied to find the solution of a functional optimization problem, which is however not tailored to optimization problems in wireless networks. In this article, we introduce unsupervised and reinforced-unsupervised learning frameworks for solving both variable and functional optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solutions. When the mathematical model of the environment is completely known and the distribution of environment's status is known or unknown, we can invoke unsupervised learning algorithm. When the mathematical model of the environment is incomplete, we introduce reinforced-unsupervised learning algorithms that learn the model by interacting with the environment. Our simulation results confirm the applicability of these learning frameworks by taking a user association problem as an example.	Optimizing Wireless Systems Using Unsupervised and   Reinforced-Unsupervised Deep Learning  Resource allocation and transceivers in wireless networks are usually designed by solving optimization problems subject to specific constraints, which can be formulated as variable or functional optimization. If the objective and constraint functions of a variable optimization problem can be derived, standard numerical algorithms can be applied for finding the optimal solution, which however incur high computational cost when the dimension of the variable is high. To reduce the on-line computational complexity, learning the optimal solution as a function of the environment's status by deep neural networks (DNNs) is an effective approach. DNNs can be trained under the supervision of optimal solutions, which however, is not applicable to the scenarios without models or for functional optimization where the optimal solutions are hard to obtain. If the objective and constraint functions are unavailable, reinforcement learning can be applied to find the solution of a functional optimization problem, which is however not tailored to optimization problems in wireless networks. In this article, we introduce unsupervised and reinforced-unsupervised learning frameworks for solving both variable and functional optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solutions. When the mathematical model of the environment is completely known and the distribution of environment's status is known or unknown, we can invoke unsupervised learning algorithm. When the mathematical model of the environment is incomplete, we introduce reinforced-unsupervised learning algorithms that learn the model by interacting with the environment. Our simulation results confirm the applicability of these learning frameworks by taking a user association problem as an example.	375
What is deep learning?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	470
What is deep learning?	Deep Learning Based Computed Tomography Whys and Wherefores  This is an article about the Computed Tomography (CT) and how Deep Learning influences CT reconstruction pipeline, especially in low dose scenarios.	Deep Learning Based Computed Tomography Whys and Wherefores  This is an article about the Computed Tomography (CT) and how Deep Learning influences CT reconstruction pipeline, especially in low dose scenarios.	421
What is deep learning?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	491
What is deep learning?	Review of Deep Learning  In recent years, China, the United States and other countries, Google and other high-tech companies have increased investment in artificial intelligence. Deep learning is one of the current artificial intelligence research's key areas. This paper analyzes and summarizes the latest progress and future research directions of deep learning. Firstly, three basic models of deep learning are outlined, including multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. On this basis, we further analyze the emerging new models of convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. This paper then summarizes deep learning's applications in many areas of artificial intelligence, including speech processing, computer vision, natural language processing and so on. Finally, this paper discusses the existing problems of deep learning and gives the corresponding possible solutions.	Review of Deep Learning  In recent years, China, the United States and other countries, Google and other high-tech companies have increased investment in artificial intelligence. Deep learning is one of the current artificial intelligence research's key areas. This paper analyzes and summarizes the latest progress and future research directions of deep learning. Firstly, three basic models of deep learning are outlined, including multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. On this basis, we further analyze the emerging new models of convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. This paper then summarizes deep learning's applications in many areas of artificial intelligence, including speech processing, computer vision, natural language processing and so on. Finally, this paper discusses the existing problems of deep learning and gives the corresponding possible solutions.	495
What is deep learning?	Deep Learning for Sentiment Analysis : A Survey  Deep learning has emerged as a powerful machine learning technique that learns multiple layers of representations or features of the data and produces state-of-the-art prediction results. Along with the success of deep learning in many other application domains, deep learning is also popularly used in sentiment analysis in recent years. This paper first gives an overview of deep learning and then provides a comprehensive survey of its current applications in sentiment analysis.	Deep Learning for Sentiment Analysis : A Survey  Deep learning has emerged as a powerful machine learning technique that learns multiple layers of representations or features of the data and produces state-of-the-art prediction results. Along with the success of deep learning in many other application domains, deep learning is also popularly used in sentiment analysis in recent years. This paper first gives an overview of deep learning and then provides a comprehensive survey of its current applications in sentiment analysis.	494
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	315
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	297
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	Automated Architecture Design for Deep Neural Networks  Machine learning has made tremendous progress in recent years and received large amounts of public attention. Though we are still far from designing a full artificially intelligent agent, machine learning has brought us many applications in which computers solve human learning tasks remarkably well. Much of this progress comes from a recent trend within machine learning, called deep learning. Deep learning models are responsible for many state-of-the-art applications of machine learning. Despite their success, deep learning models are hard to train, very difficult to understand, and often times so complex that training is only possible on very large GPU clusters. Lots of work has been done on enabling neural networks to learn efficiently. However, the design and architecture of such neural networks is often done manually through trial and error and expert knowledge. This thesis inspects different approaches, existing and novel, to automate the design of deep feedforward neural networks in an attempt to create less complex models with good performance that take away the burden of deciding on an architecture and make it more efficient to design and train such deep networks.	Automated Architecture Design for Deep Neural Networks  Machine learning has made tremendous progress in recent years and received large amounts of public attention. Though we are still far from designing a full artificially intelligent agent, machine learning has brought us many applications in which computers solve human learning tasks remarkably well. Much of this progress comes from a recent trend within machine learning, called deep learning. Deep learning models are responsible for many state-of-the-art applications of machine learning. Despite their success, deep learning models are hard to train, very difficult to understand, and often times so complex that training is only possible on very large GPU clusters. Lots of work has been done on enabling neural networks to learn efficiently. However, the design and architecture of such neural networks is often done manually through trial and error and expert knowledge. This thesis inspects different approaches, existing and novel, to automate the design of deep feedforward neural networks in an attempt to create less complex models with good performance that take away the burden of deciding on an architecture and make it more efficient to design and train such deep networks.	341
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	Why & When Deep Learning Works: Looking Inside Deep Learnings  The Intel Collaborative Research Institute for Computational Intelligence (ICRI-CI) has been heavily supporting Machine Learning and Deep Learning research from its foundation in 2012. We have asked six leading ICRI-CI Deep Learning researchers to address the challenge of "Why & When Deep Learning works", with the goal of looking inside Deep Learning, providing insights on how deep networks function, and uncovering key observations on their expressiveness, limitations, and potential. The output of this challenge resulted in five papers that address different facets of deep learning. These different facets include a high-level understating of why and when deep networks work (and do not work), the impact of geometry on the expressiveness of deep networks, and making deep networks interpretable.	Why & When Deep Learning Works: Looking Inside Deep Learnings  The Intel Collaborative Research Institute for Computational Intelligence (ICRI-CI) has been heavily supporting Machine Learning and Deep Learning research from its foundation in 2012. We have asked six leading ICRI-CI Deep Learning researchers to address the challenge of "Why & When Deep Learning works", with the goal of looking inside Deep Learning, providing insights on how deep networks function, and uncovering key observations on their expressiveness, limitations, and potential. The output of this challenge resulted in five papers that address different facets of deep learning. These different facets include a high-level understating of why and when deep networks work (and do not work), the impact of geometry on the expressiveness of deep networks, and making deep networks interpretable.	331
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	Review of Deep Learning  In recent years, China, the United States and other countries, Google and other high-tech companies have increased investment in artificial intelligence. Deep learning is one of the current artificial intelligence research's key areas. This paper analyzes and summarizes the latest progress and future research directions of deep learning. Firstly, three basic models of deep learning are outlined, including multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. On this basis, we further analyze the emerging new models of convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. This paper then summarizes deep learning's applications in many areas of artificial intelligence, including speech processing, computer vision, natural language processing and so on. Finally, this paper discusses the existing problems of deep learning and gives the corresponding possible solutions.	Review of Deep Learning  In recent years, China, the United States and other countries, Google and other high-tech companies have increased investment in artificial intelligence. Deep learning is one of the current artificial intelligence research's key areas. This paper analyzes and summarizes the latest progress and future research directions of deep learning. Firstly, three basic models of deep learning are outlined, including multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. On this basis, we further analyze the emerging new models of convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. This paper then summarizes deep learning's applications in many areas of artificial intelligence, including speech processing, computer vision, natural language processing and so on. Finally, this paper discusses the existing problems of deep learning and gives the corresponding possible solutions.	343
As a beginner, how should I study deep learning?	Two Applications of Deep Learning in the Physical Layer of Communication   Systems  Deep learning has proved itself to be a powerful tool to develop data-driven signal processing algorithms for challenging engineering problems. By learning the key features and characteristics of the input signals, instead of requiring a human to first identify and model them, learned algorithms can beat many man-made algorithms. In particular, deep neural networks are capable of learning the complicated features in nature-made signals, such as photos and audio recordings, and use them for classification and decision making.   The situation is rather different in communication systems, where the information signals are man-made, the propagation channels are relatively easy to model, and we know how to operate close to the Shannon capacity limits. Does this mean that there is no role for deep learning in the development of future communication systems?	Two Applications of Deep Learning in the Physical Layer of Communication   Systems  Deep learning has proved itself to be a powerful tool to develop data-driven signal processing algorithms for challenging engineering problems. By learning the key features and characteristics of the input signals, instead of requiring a human to first identify and model them, learned algorithms can beat many man-made algorithms. In particular, deep neural networks are capable of learning the complicated features in nature-made signals, such as photos and audio recordings, and use them for classification and decision making.   The situation is rather different in communication systems, where the information signals are man-made, the propagation channels are relatively easy to model, and we know how to operate close to the Shannon capacity limits. Does this mean that there is no role for deep learning in the development of future communication systems?	415
As a beginner, how should I study deep learning?	Deep Reinforcement Learning: An Overview  In recent years, a specific machine learning method called deep learning has gained huge attraction, as it has obtained astonishing results in broad applications such as pattern recognition, speech recognition, computer vision, and natural language processing. Recent research has also been shown that deep learning techniques can be combined with reinforcement learning methods to learn useful representations for the problems with high dimensional raw data input. This chapter reviews the recent advances in deep reinforcement learning with a focus on the most used deep architectures such as autoencoders, convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks which have successfully been come together with the reinforcement learning framework.	Deep Reinforcement Learning: An Overview  In recent years, a specific machine learning method called deep learning has gained huge attraction, as it has obtained astonishing results in broad applications such as pattern recognition, speech recognition, computer vision, and natural language processing. Recent research has also been shown that deep learning techniques can be combined with reinforcement learning methods to learn useful representations for the problems with high dimensional raw data input. This chapter reviews the recent advances in deep reinforcement learning with a focus on the most used deep architectures such as autoencoders, convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks which have successfully been come together with the reinforcement learning framework.	389
As a beginner, how should I study deep learning?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	402
As a beginner, how should I study deep learning?	An Introduction to Deep Visual Explanation  The practical impact of deep learning on complex supervised learning problems has been significant, so much so that almost every Artificial Intelligence problem, or at least a portion thereof, has been somehow recast as a deep learning problem. The applications appeal is significant, but this appeal is increasingly challenged by what some call the challenge of explainability, or more generally the more traditional challenge of debuggability: if the outcomes of a deep learning process produce unexpected results (e.g., less than expected performance of a classifier), then there is little available in the way of theories or tools to help investigate the potential causes of such unexpected behavior, especially when this behavior could impact people's lives. We describe a preliminary framework to help address this issue, which we call "deep visual explanation" (DVE). "Deep," because it is the development and performance of deep neural network models that we want to understand. "Visual," because we believe that the most rapid insight into a complex multi-dimensional model is provided by appropriate visualization techniques, and "Explanation," because in the spectrum from instrumentation by inserting print statements to the abductive inference of explanatory hypotheses, we believe that the key to understanding deep learning relies on the identification and exposure of hypotheses about the performance behavior of a learned deep model. In the exposition of our preliminary framework, we use relatively straightforward image classification examples and a variety of choices on initial configuration of a deep model building scenario. By careful but not complicated instrumentation, we expose classification outcomes of deep models using visualization, and also show initial results for one potential application of interpretability.	An Introduction to Deep Visual Explanation  The practical impact of deep learning on complex supervised learning problems has been significant, so much so that almost every Artificial Intelligence problem, or at least a portion thereof, has been somehow recast as a deep learning problem. The applications appeal is significant, but this appeal is increasingly challenged by what some call the challenge of explainability, or more generally the more traditional challenge of debuggability: if the outcomes of a deep learning process produce unexpected results (e.g., less than expected performance of a classifier), then there is little available in the way of theories or tools to help investigate the potential causes of such unexpected behavior, especially when this behavior could impact people's lives. We describe a preliminary framework to help address this issue, which we call "deep visual explanation" (DVE). "Deep," because it is the development and performance of deep neural network models that we want to understand. "Visual," because we believe that the most rapid insight into a complex multi-dimensional model is provided by appropriate visualization techniques, and "Explanation," because in the spectrum from instrumentation by inserting print statements to the abductive inference of explanatory hypotheses, we believe that the key to understanding deep learning relies on the identification and exposure of hypotheses about the performance behavior of a learned deep model. In the exposition of our preliminary framework, we use relatively straightforward image classification examples and a variety of choices on initial configuration of a deep model building scenario. By careful but not complicated instrumentation, we expose classification outcomes of deep models using visualization, and also show initial results for one potential application of interpretability.	413
As a beginner, how should I study deep learning?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	401
What are the best resources to learn about deep learning?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	315
What are the best resources to learn about deep learning?	Deep Learning for Cognitive Neuroscience  Neural network models can now recognise images, understand text, translate languages, and play many human games at human or superhuman levels. These systems are highly abstracted, but are inspired by biological brains and use only biologically plausible computations. In the coming years, neural networks are likely to become less reliant on learning from massive labelled datasets, and more robust and generalisable in their task performance. From their successes and failures, we can learn about the computational requirements of the different tasks at which brains excel. Deep learning also provides the tools for testing cognitive theories. In order to test a theory, we need to realise the proposed information-processing system at scale, so as to be able to assess its feasibility and emergent behaviours. Deep learning allows us to scale up from principles and circuit models to end-to-end trainable models capable of performing complex tasks. There are many levels at which cognitive neuroscientists can use deep learning in their work, from inspiring theories to serving as full computational models. Ongoing advances in deep learning bring us closer to understanding how cognition and perception may be implemented in the brain -- the grand challenge at the core of cognitive neuroscience.	Deep Learning for Cognitive Neuroscience  Neural network models can now recognise images, understand text, translate languages, and play many human games at human or superhuman levels. These systems are highly abstracted, but are inspired by biological brains and use only biologically plausible computations. In the coming years, neural networks are likely to become less reliant on learning from massive labelled datasets, and more robust and generalisable in their task performance. From their successes and failures, we can learn about the computational requirements of the different tasks at which brains excel. Deep learning also provides the tools for testing cognitive theories. In order to test a theory, we need to realise the proposed information-processing system at scale, so as to be able to assess its feasibility and emergent behaviours. Deep learning allows us to scale up from principles and circuit models to end-to-end trainable models capable of performing complex tasks. There are many levels at which cognitive neuroscientists can use deep learning in their work, from inspiring theories to serving as full computational models. Ongoing advances in deep learning bring us closer to understanding how cognition and perception may be implemented in the brain -- the grand challenge at the core of cognitive neuroscience.	327
What are the best resources to learn about deep learning?	Deep Learning for Whole Slide Image Analysis: An Overview  The widespread adoption of whole slide imaging has increased the demand for effective and efficient gigapixel image analysis. Deep learning is at the forefront of computer vision, showcasing significant improvements over previous methodologies on visual understanding. However, whole slide images have billions of pixels and suffer from high morphological heterogeneity as well as from different types of artefacts. Collectively, these impede the conventional use of deep learning. For the clinical translation of deep learning solutions to become a reality, these challenges need to be addressed. In this paper, we review work on the interdisciplinary attempt of training deep neural networks using whole slide images, and highlight the different ideas underlying these methodologies.	Deep Learning for Whole Slide Image Analysis: An Overview  The widespread adoption of whole slide imaging has increased the demand for effective and efficient gigapixel image analysis. Deep learning is at the forefront of computer vision, showcasing significant improvements over previous methodologies on visual understanding. However, whole slide images have billions of pixels and suffer from high morphological heterogeneity as well as from different types of artefacts. Collectively, these impede the conventional use of deep learning. For the clinical translation of deep learning solutions to become a reality, these challenges need to be addressed. In this paper, we review work on the interdisciplinary attempt of training deep neural networks using whole slide images, and highlight the different ideas underlying these methodologies.	330
What are the best resources to learn about deep learning?	Deep Learning for Sensor-based Activity Recognition: A Survey  Sensor-based activity recognition seeks the profound high-level knowledge about human activities from multitudes of low-level sensor readings. Conventional pattern recognition approaches have made tremendous progress in the past years. However, those methods often heavily rely on heuristic hand-crafted feature extraction, which could hinder their generalization performance. Additionally, existing methods are undermined for unsupervised and incremental learning tasks. Recently, the recent advancement of deep learning makes it possible to perform automatic high-level feature extraction thus achieves promising performance in many areas. Since then, deep learning based methods have been widely adopted for the sensor-based activity recognition tasks. This paper surveys the recent advance of deep learning based sensor-based activity recognition. We summarize existing literature from three aspects: sensor modality, deep model, and application. We also present detailed insights on existing work and propose grand challenges for future research.	Deep Learning for Sensor-based Activity Recognition: A Survey  Sensor-based activity recognition seeks the profound high-level knowledge about human activities from multitudes of low-level sensor readings. Conventional pattern recognition approaches have made tremendous progress in the past years. However, those methods often heavily rely on heuristic hand-crafted feature extraction, which could hinder their generalization performance. Additionally, existing methods are undermined for unsupervised and incremental learning tasks. Recently, the recent advancement of deep learning makes it possible to perform automatic high-level feature extraction thus achieves promising performance in many areas. Since then, deep learning based methods have been widely adopted for the sensor-based activity recognition tasks. This paper surveys the recent advance of deep learning based sensor-based activity recognition. We summarize existing literature from three aspects: sensor modality, deep model, and application. We also present detailed insights on existing work and propose grand challenges for future research.	321
What are the best resources to learn about deep learning?	Deep Learning for Sentiment Analysis : A Survey  Deep learning has emerged as a powerful machine learning technique that learns multiple layers of representations or features of the data and produces state-of-the-art prediction results. Along with the success of deep learning in many other application domains, deep learning is also popularly used in sentiment analysis in recent years. This paper first gives an overview of deep learning and then provides a comprehensive survey of its current applications in sentiment analysis.	Deep Learning for Sentiment Analysis : A Survey  Deep learning has emerged as a powerful machine learning technique that learns multiple layers of representations or features of the data and produces state-of-the-art prediction results. Along with the success of deep learning in many other application domains, deep learning is also popularly used in sentiment analysis in recent years. This paper first gives an overview of deep learning and then provides a comprehensive survey of its current applications in sentiment analysis.	318
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	315
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	297
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	Automated Architecture Design for Deep Neural Networks  Machine learning has made tremendous progress in recent years and received large amounts of public attention. Though we are still far from designing a full artificially intelligent agent, machine learning has brought us many applications in which computers solve human learning tasks remarkably well. Much of this progress comes from a recent trend within machine learning, called deep learning. Deep learning models are responsible for many state-of-the-art applications of machine learning. Despite their success, deep learning models are hard to train, very difficult to understand, and often times so complex that training is only possible on very large GPU clusters. Lots of work has been done on enabling neural networks to learn efficiently. However, the design and architecture of such neural networks is often done manually through trial and error and expert knowledge. This thesis inspects different approaches, existing and novel, to automate the design of deep feedforward neural networks in an attempt to create less complex models with good performance that take away the burden of deciding on an architecture and make it more efficient to design and train such deep networks.	Automated Architecture Design for Deep Neural Networks  Machine learning has made tremendous progress in recent years and received large amounts of public attention. Though we are still far from designing a full artificially intelligent agent, machine learning has brought us many applications in which computers solve human learning tasks remarkably well. Much of this progress comes from a recent trend within machine learning, called deep learning. Deep learning models are responsible for many state-of-the-art applications of machine learning. Despite their success, deep learning models are hard to train, very difficult to understand, and often times so complex that training is only possible on very large GPU clusters. Lots of work has been done on enabling neural networks to learn efficiently. However, the design and architecture of such neural networks is often done manually through trial and error and expert knowledge. This thesis inspects different approaches, existing and novel, to automate the design of deep feedforward neural networks in an attempt to create less complex models with good performance that take away the burden of deciding on an architecture and make it more efficient to design and train such deep networks.	341
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	Why & When Deep Learning Works: Looking Inside Deep Learnings  The Intel Collaborative Research Institute for Computational Intelligence (ICRI-CI) has been heavily supporting Machine Learning and Deep Learning research from its foundation in 2012. We have asked six leading ICRI-CI Deep Learning researchers to address the challenge of "Why & When Deep Learning works", with the goal of looking inside Deep Learning, providing insights on how deep networks function, and uncovering key observations on their expressiveness, limitations, and potential. The output of this challenge resulted in five papers that address different facets of deep learning. These different facets include a high-level understating of why and when deep networks work (and do not work), the impact of geometry on the expressiveness of deep networks, and making deep networks interpretable.	Why & When Deep Learning Works: Looking Inside Deep Learnings  The Intel Collaborative Research Institute for Computational Intelligence (ICRI-CI) has been heavily supporting Machine Learning and Deep Learning research from its foundation in 2012. We have asked six leading ICRI-CI Deep Learning researchers to address the challenge of "Why & When Deep Learning works", with the goal of looking inside Deep Learning, providing insights on how deep networks function, and uncovering key observations on their expressiveness, limitations, and potential. The output of this challenge resulted in five papers that address different facets of deep learning. These different facets include a high-level understating of why and when deep networks work (and do not work), the impact of geometry on the expressiveness of deep networks, and making deep networks interpretable.	331
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	Review of Deep Learning  In recent years, China, the United States and other countries, Google and other high-tech companies have increased investment in artificial intelligence. Deep learning is one of the current artificial intelligence research's key areas. This paper analyzes and summarizes the latest progress and future research directions of deep learning. Firstly, three basic models of deep learning are outlined, including multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. On this basis, we further analyze the emerging new models of convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. This paper then summarizes deep learning's applications in many areas of artificial intelligence, including speech processing, computer vision, natural language processing and so on. Finally, this paper discusses the existing problems of deep learning and gives the corresponding possible solutions.	Review of Deep Learning  In recent years, China, the United States and other countries, Google and other high-tech companies have increased investment in artificial intelligence. Deep learning is one of the current artificial intelligence research's key areas. This paper analyzes and summarizes the latest progress and future research directions of deep learning. Firstly, three basic models of deep learning are outlined, including multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. On this basis, we further analyze the emerging new models of convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. This paper then summarizes deep learning's applications in many areas of artificial intelligence, including speech processing, computer vision, natural language processing and so on. Finally, this paper discusses the existing problems of deep learning and gives the corresponding possible solutions.	343
Whats the most effective way to get started with Deep Learning?	A Selective Overview of Deep Learning  Deep learning has arguably achieved tremendous success in recent years. In simple words, deep learning uses the composition of many nonlinear functions to model the complex dependency between input features and labels. While neural networks have a long history, recent advances have greatly improved their performance in computer vision, natural language processing, etc. From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e.g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	A Selective Overview of Deep Learning  Deep learning has arguably achieved tremendous success in recent years. In simple words, deep learning uses the composition of many nonlinear functions to model the complex dependency between input features and labels. While neural networks have a long history, recent advances have greatly improved their performance in computer vision, natural language processing, etc. From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e.g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	371
Whats the most effective way to get started with Deep Learning?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	329
Whats the most effective way to get started with Deep Learning?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	364
Whats the most effective way to get started with Deep Learning?	Deep Incremental Boosting  This paper introduces Deep Incremental Boosting, a new technique derived from AdaBoost, specifically adapted to work with Deep Learning methods, that reduces the required training time and improves generalisation. We draw inspiration from Transfer of Learning approaches to reduce the start-up time to training each incremental Ensemble member. We show a set of experiments that outlines some preliminary results on some common Deep Learning datasets and discuss the potential improvements Deep Incremental Boosting brings to traditional Ensemble methods in Deep Learning.	Deep Incremental Boosting  This paper introduces Deep Incremental Boosting, a new technique derived from AdaBoost, specifically adapted to work with Deep Learning methods, that reduces the required training time and improves generalisation. We draw inspiration from Transfer of Learning approaches to reduce the start-up time to training each incremental Ensemble member. We show a set of experiments that outlines some preliminary results on some common Deep Learning datasets and discuss the potential improvements Deep Incremental Boosting brings to traditional Ensemble methods in Deep Learning.	372
Whats the most effective way to get started with Deep Learning?	The many faces of deep learning  Deep learning has sparked a network of mutual interactions between different disciplines and AI. Naturally, each discipline focuses and interprets the workings of deep learning in different ways. This diversity of perspectives on deep learning, from neuroscience to statistical physics, is a rich source of inspiration that fuels novel developments in the theory and applications of machine learning. In this perspective, we collect and synthesize different intuitions scattered across several communities as for how deep learning works. In particular, we will briefly discuss the different perspectives that disciplines across mathematics, physics, computation, and neuroscience take on how deep learning does its tricks. Our discussion on each perspective is necessarily shallow due to the multiple views that had to be covered. The deepness in this case should come from putting all these faces of deep learning together in the reader's mind, so that one can look at the same problem from different angles.	The many faces of deep learning  Deep learning has sparked a network of mutual interactions between different disciplines and AI. Naturally, each discipline focuses and interprets the workings of deep learning in different ways. This diversity of perspectives on deep learning, from neuroscience to statistical physics, is a rich source of inspiration that fuels novel developments in the theory and applications of machine learning. In this perspective, we collect and synthesize different intuitions scattered across several communities as for how deep learning works. In particular, we will briefly discuss the different perspectives that disciplines across mathematics, physics, computation, and neuroscience take on how deep learning does its tricks. Our discussion on each perspective is necessarily shallow due to the multiple views that had to be covered. The deepness in this case should come from putting all these faces of deep learning together in the reader's mind, so that one can look at the same problem from different angles.	354
Is there something that Deep Learning will never be able to learn?	Learning to learn with backpropagation of Hebbian plasticity  Hebbian plasticity is a powerful principle that allows biological brains to learn from their lifetime experience. By contrast, artificial neural networks trained with backpropagation generally have fixed connection weights that do not change once training is complete. While recent methods can endow neural networks with long-term memories, Hebbian plasticity is currently not amenable to gradient descent. Here we derive analytical expressions for activity gradients in neural networks with Hebbian plastic connections. Using these expressions, we can use backpropagation to train not just the baseline weights of the connections, but also their plasticity. As a result, the networks "learn how to learn" in order to solve the problem at hand: the trained networks automatically perform fast learning of unpredictable environmental features during their lifetime, expanding the range of solvable problems. We test the algorithm on various on-line learning tasks, including pattern completion, one-shot learning, and reversal learning. The algorithm successfully learns how to learn the relevant associations from one-shot instruction, and fine-tunes the temporal dynamics of plasticity to allow for continual learning in response to changing environmental parameters. We conclude that backpropagation of Hebbian plasticity offers a powerful model for lifelong learning.	Learning to learn with backpropagation of Hebbian plasticity  Hebbian plasticity is a powerful principle that allows biological brains to learn from their lifetime experience. By contrast, artificial neural networks trained with backpropagation generally have fixed connection weights that do not change once training is complete. While recent methods can endow neural networks with long-term memories, Hebbian plasticity is currently not amenable to gradient descent. Here we derive analytical expressions for activity gradients in neural networks with Hebbian plastic connections. Using these expressions, we can use backpropagation to train not just the baseline weights of the connections, but also their plasticity. As a result, the networks "learn how to learn" in order to solve the problem at hand: the trained networks automatically perform fast learning of unpredictable environmental features during their lifetime, expanding the range of solvable problems. We test the algorithm on various on-line learning tasks, including pattern completion, one-shot learning, and reversal learning. The algorithm successfully learns how to learn the relevant associations from one-shot instruction, and fine-tunes the temporal dynamics of plasticity to allow for continual learning in response to changing environmental parameters. We conclude that backpropagation of Hebbian plasticity offers a powerful model for lifelong learning.	418
Is there something that Deep Learning will never be able to learn?	The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Deep Learning in Artificial   Intelligence  Deep learning networks have been trained to recognize speech, caption photographs and translate text between languages at high levels of performance. Although applications of deep learning networks to real world problems have become ubiquitous, our understanding of why they are so effective is lacking. These empirical results should not be possible according to sample complexity in statistics and non-convex optimization theory. However, paradoxes in the training and effectiveness of deep learning networks are being investigated and insights are being found in the geometry of high-dimensional spaces. A mathematical theory of deep learning would illuminate how they function, allow us to assess the strengths and weaknesses of different network architectures and lead to major improvements. Deep learning has provided natural ways for humans to communicate with digital devices and is foundational for building artificial general intelligence. Deep learning was inspired by the architecture of the cerebral cortex and insights into autonomy and general intelligence may be found in other brain regions that are essential for planning and survival, but major breakthroughs will be needed to achieve these goals.	The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Deep Learning in Artificial   Intelligence  Deep learning networks have been trained to recognize speech, caption photographs and translate text between languages at high levels of performance. Although applications of deep learning networks to real world problems have become ubiquitous, our understanding of why they are so effective is lacking. These empirical results should not be possible according to sample complexity in statistics and non-convex optimization theory. However, paradoxes in the training and effectiveness of deep learning networks are being investigated and insights are being found in the geometry of high-dimensional spaces. A mathematical theory of deep learning would illuminate how they function, allow us to assess the strengths and weaknesses of different network architectures and lead to major improvements. Deep learning has provided natural ways for humans to communicate with digital devices and is foundational for building artificial general intelligence. Deep learning was inspired by the architecture of the cerebral cortex and insights into autonomy and general intelligence may be found in other brain regions that are essential for planning and survival, but major breakthroughs will be needed to achieve these goals.	442
Is there something that Deep Learning will never be able to learn?	Minimizing the Maximal Loss: How and Why?  A commonly used learning rule is to approximately minimize the \emph{average} loss over the training set. Other learning algorithms, such as AdaBoost and hard-SVM, aim at minimizing the \emph{maximal} loss over the training set. The average loss is more popular, particularly in deep learning, due to three main reasons. First, it can be conveniently minimized using online algorithms, that process few examples at each iteration. Second, it is often argued that there is no sense to minimize the loss on the training set too much, as it will not be reflected in the generalization loss. Last, the maximal loss is not robust to outliers. In this paper we describe and analyze an algorithm that can convert any online algorithm to a minimizer of the maximal loss. We prove that in some situations better accuracy on the training set is crucial to obtain good performance on unseen examples. Last, we propose robust versions of the approach that can handle outliers.	Minimizing the Maximal Loss: How and Why?  A commonly used learning rule is to approximately minimize the \emph{average} loss over the training set. Other learning algorithms, such as AdaBoost and hard-SVM, aim at minimizing the \emph{maximal} loss over the training set. The average loss is more popular, particularly in deep learning, due to three main reasons. First, it can be conveniently minimized using online algorithms, that process few examples at each iteration. Second, it is often argued that there is no sense to minimize the loss on the training set too much, as it will not be reflected in the generalization loss. Last, the maximal loss is not robust to outliers. In this paper we describe and analyze an algorithm that can convert any online algorithm to a minimizer of the maximal loss. We prove that in some situations better accuracy on the training set is crucial to obtain good performance on unseen examples. Last, we propose robust versions of the approach that can handle outliers.	441
Is there something that Deep Learning will never be able to learn?	Towards Making Deep Transfer Learning Never Hurt  Transfer learning have been frequently used to improve deep neural network training through incorporating weights of pre-trained networks as the starting-point of optimization for regularization. While deep transfer learning can usually boost the performance with better accuracy and faster convergence, transferring weights from inappropriate networks hurts training procedure and may lead to even lower accuracy. In this paper, we consider deep transfer learning as minimizing a linear combination of empirical loss and regularizer based on pre-trained weights, where the regularizer would restrict the training procedure from lowering the empirical loss, with conflicted descent directions (e.g., derivatives). Following the view, we propose a novel strategy making regularization-based Deep Transfer learning Never Hurt (DTNH) that, for each iteration of training procedure, computes the derivatives of the two terms separately, then re-estimates a new descent direction that does not hurt the empirical loss minimization while preserving the regularization affects from the pre-trained weights. Extensive experiments have been done using common transfer learning regularizers, such as L2-SP and knowledge distillation, on top of a wide range of deep transfer learning benchmarks including Caltech, MIT indoor 67, CIFAR-10 and ImageNet. The empirical results show that the proposed descent direction estimation strategy DTNH can always improve the performance of deep transfer learning tasks based on all above regularizers, even when transferring pre-trained weights from inappropriate networks. All in all, DTNH strategy can improve state-of-the-art regularizers in all cases with 0.1%--7% higher accuracy in all experiments.	Towards Making Deep Transfer Learning Never Hurt  Transfer learning have been frequently used to improve deep neural network training through incorporating weights of pre-trained networks as the starting-point of optimization for regularization. While deep transfer learning can usually boost the performance with better accuracy and faster convergence, transferring weights from inappropriate networks hurts training procedure and may lead to even lower accuracy. In this paper, we consider deep transfer learning as minimizing a linear combination of empirical loss and regularizer based on pre-trained weights, where the regularizer would restrict the training procedure from lowering the empirical loss, with conflicted descent directions (e.g., derivatives). Following the view, we propose a novel strategy making regularization-based Deep Transfer learning Never Hurt (DTNH) that, for each iteration of training procedure, computes the derivatives of the two terms separately, then re-estimates a new descent direction that does not hurt the empirical loss minimization while preserving the regularization affects from the pre-trained weights. Extensive experiments have been done using common transfer learning regularizers, such as L2-SP and knowledge distillation, on top of a wide range of deep transfer learning benchmarks including Caltech, MIT indoor 67, CIFAR-10 and ImageNet. The empirical results show that the proposed descent direction estimation strategy DTNH can always improve the performance of deep transfer learning tasks based on all above regularizers, even when transferring pre-trained weights from inappropriate networks. All in all, DTNH strategy can improve state-of-the-art regularizers in all cases with 0.1%--7% higher accuracy in all experiments.	439
Is there something that Deep Learning will never be able to learn?	Infinity Learning: Learning Markov Chains from Aggregate Steady-State   Observations  We consider the task of learning a parametric Continuous Time Markov Chain (CTMC) sequence model without examples of sequences, where the training data consists entirely of aggregate steady-state statistics. Making the problem harder, we assume that the states we wish to predict are unobserved in the training data. Specifically, given a parametric model over the transition rates of a CTMC and some known transition rates, we wish to extrapolate its steady state distribution to states that are unobserved. A technical roadblock to learn a CTMC from its steady state has been that the chain rule to compute gradients will not work over the arbitrarily long sequences necessary to reach steady state ---from where the aggregate statistics are sampled. To overcome this optimization challenge, we propose $\infty$-SGD, a principled stochastic gradient descent method that uses randomly-stopped estimators to avoid infinite sums required by the steady state computation, while learning even when only a subset of the CTMC states can be observed. We apply $\infty$-SGD to a real-world testbed and synthetic experiments showcasing its accuracy, ability to extrapolate the steady state distribution to unobserved states under unobserved conditions (heavy loads, when training under light loads), and succeeding in difficult scenarios where even a tailor-made extension of existing methods fails.	Infinity Learning: Learning Markov Chains from Aggregate Steady-State   Observations  We consider the task of learning a parametric Continuous Time Markov Chain (CTMC) sequence model without examples of sequences, where the training data consists entirely of aggregate steady-state statistics. Making the problem harder, we assume that the states we wish to predict are unobserved in the training data. Specifically, given a parametric model over the transition rates of a CTMC and some known transition rates, we wish to extrapolate its steady state distribution to states that are unobserved. A technical roadblock to learn a CTMC from its steady state has been that the chain rule to compute gradients will not work over the arbitrarily long sequences necessary to reach steady state ---from where the aggregate statistics are sampled. To overcome this optimization challenge, we propose $\infty$-SGD, a principled stochastic gradient descent method that uses randomly-stopped estimators to avoid infinite sums required by the steady state computation, while learning even when only a subset of the CTMC states can be observed. We apply $\infty$-SGD to a real-world testbed and synthetic experiments showcasing its accuracy, ability to extrapolate the steady state distribution to unobserved states under unobserved conditions (heavy loads, when training under light loads), and succeeding in difficult scenarios where even a tailor-made extension of existing methods fails.	446
What are the limits of deep learning?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	415
What are the limits of deep learning?	Deep Learning Based Computed Tomography Whys and Wherefores  This is an article about the Computed Tomography (CT) and how Deep Learning influences CT reconstruction pipeline, especially in low dose scenarios.	Deep Learning Based Computed Tomography Whys and Wherefores  This is an article about the Computed Tomography (CT) and how Deep Learning influences CT reconstruction pipeline, especially in low dose scenarios.	417
What are the limits of deep learning?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	426
What are the limits of deep learning?	Deep Learning for Sensor-based Activity Recognition: A Survey  Sensor-based activity recognition seeks the profound high-level knowledge about human activities from multitudes of low-level sensor readings. Conventional pattern recognition approaches have made tremendous progress in the past years. However, those methods often heavily rely on heuristic hand-crafted feature extraction, which could hinder their generalization performance. Additionally, existing methods are undermined for unsupervised and incremental learning tasks. Recently, the recent advancement of deep learning makes it possible to perform automatic high-level feature extraction thus achieves promising performance in many areas. Since then, deep learning based methods have been widely adopted for the sensor-based activity recognition tasks. This paper surveys the recent advance of deep learning based sensor-based activity recognition. We summarize existing literature from three aspects: sensor modality, deep model, and application. We also present detailed insights on existing work and propose grand challenges for future research.	Deep Learning for Sensor-based Activity Recognition: A Survey  Sensor-based activity recognition seeks the profound high-level knowledge about human activities from multitudes of low-level sensor readings. Conventional pattern recognition approaches have made tremendous progress in the past years. However, those methods often heavily rely on heuristic hand-crafted feature extraction, which could hinder their generalization performance. Additionally, existing methods are undermined for unsupervised and incremental learning tasks. Recently, the recent advancement of deep learning makes it possible to perform automatic high-level feature extraction thus achieves promising performance in many areas. Since then, deep learning based methods have been widely adopted for the sensor-based activity recognition tasks. This paper surveys the recent advance of deep learning based sensor-based activity recognition. We summarize existing literature from three aspects: sensor modality, deep model, and application. We also present detailed insights on existing work and propose grand challenges for future research.	445
What are the limits of deep learning?	Review of Deep Learning  In recent years, China, the United States and other countries, Google and other high-tech companies have increased investment in artificial intelligence. Deep learning is one of the current artificial intelligence research's key areas. This paper analyzes and summarizes the latest progress and future research directions of deep learning. Firstly, three basic models of deep learning are outlined, including multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. On this basis, we further analyze the emerging new models of convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. This paper then summarizes deep learning's applications in many areas of artificial intelligence, including speech processing, computer vision, natural language processing and so on. Finally, this paper discusses the existing problems of deep learning and gives the corresponding possible solutions.	Review of Deep Learning  In recent years, China, the United States and other countries, Google and other high-tech companies have increased investment in artificial intelligence. Deep learning is one of the current artificial intelligence research's key areas. This paper analyzes and summarizes the latest progress and future research directions of deep learning. Firstly, three basic models of deep learning are outlined, including multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. On this basis, we further analyze the emerging new models of convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. This paper then summarizes deep learning's applications in many areas of artificial intelligence, including speech processing, computer vision, natural language processing and so on. Finally, this paper discusses the existing problems of deep learning and gives the corresponding possible solutions.	421
What is next for deep learning?	Deep learning research landscape & roadmap in a nutshell: past, present   and future -- Towards deep cortical learning  The past, present and future of deep learning is presented in this work. Given this landscape & roadmap, we predict that deep cortical learning will be the convergence of deep learning & cortical learning which builds an artificial cortical column ultimately.	Deep learning research landscape & roadmap in a nutshell: past, present   and future -- Towards deep cortical learning  The past, present and future of deep learning is presented in this work. Given this landscape & roadmap, we predict that deep cortical learning will be the convergence of deep learning & cortical learning which builds an artificial cortical column ultimately.	457
What is next for deep learning?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	438
What is next for deep learning?	Deep Learning Based Computed Tomography Whys and Wherefores  This is an article about the Computed Tomography (CT) and how Deep Learning influences CT reconstruction pipeline, especially in low dose scenarios.	Deep Learning Based Computed Tomography Whys and Wherefores  This is an article about the Computed Tomography (CT) and how Deep Learning influences CT reconstruction pipeline, especially in low dose scenarios.	428
What is next for deep learning?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	468
What is next for deep learning?	Review of Deep Learning  In recent years, China, the United States and other countries, Google and other high-tech companies have increased investment in artificial intelligence. Deep learning is one of the current artificial intelligence research's key areas. This paper analyzes and summarizes the latest progress and future research directions of deep learning. Firstly, three basic models of deep learning are outlined, including multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. On this basis, we further analyze the emerging new models of convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. This paper then summarizes deep learning's applications in many areas of artificial intelligence, including speech processing, computer vision, natural language processing and so on. Finally, this paper discusses the existing problems of deep learning and gives the corresponding possible solutions.	Review of Deep Learning  In recent years, China, the United States and other countries, Google and other high-tech companies have increased investment in artificial intelligence. Deep learning is one of the current artificial intelligence research's key areas. This paper analyzes and summarizes the latest progress and future research directions of deep learning. Firstly, three basic models of deep learning are outlined, including multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. On this basis, we further analyze the emerging new models of convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. This paper then summarizes deep learning's applications in many areas of artificial intelligence, including speech processing, computer vision, natural language processing and so on. Finally, this paper discusses the existing problems of deep learning and gives the corresponding possible solutions.	449
What other ML areas can replace deep learning in the future?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	388
What other ML areas can replace deep learning in the future?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	399
What other ML areas can replace deep learning in the future?	Deep Learning for 3D Point Clouds: A Survey  Point cloud learning has lately attracted increasing attention due to its wide applications in many areas, such as computer vision, autonomous driving, and robotics. As a dominating technique in AI, deep learning has been successfully used to solve various 2D vision problems. However, deep learning on point clouds is still in its infancy due to the unique challenges faced by the processing of point clouds with deep neural networks. Recently, deep learning on point clouds has become even thriving, with numerous methods being proposed to address different problems in this area. To stimulate future research, this paper presents a comprehensive review of recent progress in deep learning methods for point clouds. It covers three major tasks, including 3D shape classification, 3D object detection and tracking, and 3D point cloud segmentation. It also presents comparative results on several publicly available datasets, together with insightful observations and inspiring future research directions.	Deep Learning for 3D Point Clouds: A Survey  Point cloud learning has lately attracted increasing attention due to its wide applications in many areas, such as computer vision, autonomous driving, and robotics. As a dominating technique in AI, deep learning has been successfully used to solve various 2D vision problems. However, deep learning on point clouds is still in its infancy due to the unique challenges faced by the processing of point clouds with deep neural networks. Recently, deep learning on point clouds has become even thriving, with numerous methods being proposed to address different problems in this area. To stimulate future research, this paper presents a comprehensive review of recent progress in deep learning methods for point clouds. It covers three major tasks, including 3D shape classification, 3D object detection and tracking, and 3D point cloud segmentation. It also presents comparative results on several publicly available datasets, together with insightful observations and inspiring future research directions.	395
What other ML areas can replace deep learning in the future?	Opening the black box of deep learning  The great success of deep learning shows that its technology contains profound truth, and understanding its internal mechanism not only has important implications for the development of its technology and effective application in various fields, but also provides meaningful insights into the understanding of human brain mechanism. At present, most of the theoretical research on deep learning is based on mathematics. This dissertation proposes that the neural network of deep learning is a physical system, examines deep learning from three different perspectives: microscopic, macroscopic, and physical world views, answers multiple theoretical puzzles in deep learning by using physics principles. For example, from the perspective of quantum mechanics and statistical physics, this dissertation presents the calculation methods for convolution calculation, pooling, normalization, and Restricted Boltzmann Machine, as well as the selection of cost functions, explains why deep learning must be deep, what characteristics are learned in deep learning, why Convolutional Neural Networks do not have to be trained layer by layer, and the limitations of deep learning, etc., and proposes the theoretical direction and basis for the further development of deep learning now and in the future. The brilliance of physics flashes in deep learning, we try to establish the deep learning technology based on the scientific theory of physics.	Opening the black box of deep learning  The great success of deep learning shows that its technology contains profound truth, and understanding its internal mechanism not only has important implications for the development of its technology and effective application in various fields, but also provides meaningful insights into the understanding of human brain mechanism. At present, most of the theoretical research on deep learning is based on mathematics. This dissertation proposes that the neural network of deep learning is a physical system, examines deep learning from three different perspectives: microscopic, macroscopic, and physical world views, answers multiple theoretical puzzles in deep learning by using physics principles. For example, from the perspective of quantum mechanics and statistical physics, this dissertation presents the calculation methods for convolution calculation, pooling, normalization, and Restricted Boltzmann Machine, as well as the selection of cost functions, explains why deep learning must be deep, what characteristics are learned in deep learning, why Convolutional Neural Networks do not have to be trained layer by layer, and the limitations of deep learning, etc., and proposes the theoretical direction and basis for the further development of deep learning now and in the future. The brilliance of physics flashes in deep learning, we try to establish the deep learning technology based on the scientific theory of physics.	397
What other ML areas can replace deep learning in the future?	Improving Deep Learning through Automatic Programming  Deep learning and deep architectures are emerging as the best machine learning methods so far in many practical applications such as reducing the dimensionality of data, image classification, speech recognition or object segmentation. In fact, many leading technology companies such as Google, Microsoft or IBM are researching and using deep architectures in their systems to replace other traditional models. Therefore, improving the performance of these models could make a strong impact in the area of machine learning. However, deep learning is a very fast-growing research domain with many core methodologies and paradigms just discovered over the last few years. This thesis will first serve as a short summary of deep learning, which tries to include all of the most important ideas in this research area. Based on this knowledge, we suggested, and conducted some experiments to investigate the possibility of improving the deep learning based on automatic programming (ADATE). Although our experiments did produce good results, there are still many more possibilities that we could not try due to limited time as well as some limitations of the current ADATE version. I hope that this thesis can promote future work on this topic, especially when the next version of ADATE comes out. This thesis also includes a short analysis of the power of ADATE system, which could be useful for other researchers who want to know what it is capable of.	Improving Deep Learning through Automatic Programming  Deep learning and deep architectures are emerging as the best machine learning methods so far in many practical applications such as reducing the dimensionality of data, image classification, speech recognition or object segmentation. In fact, many leading technology companies such as Google, Microsoft or IBM are researching and using deep architectures in their systems to replace other traditional models. Therefore, improving the performance of these models could make a strong impact in the area of machine learning. However, deep learning is a very fast-growing research domain with many core methodologies and paradigms just discovered over the last few years. This thesis will first serve as a short summary of deep learning, which tries to include all of the most important ideas in this research area. Based on this knowledge, we suggested, and conducted some experiments to investigate the possibility of improving the deep learning based on automatic programming (ADATE). Although our experiments did produce good results, there are still many more possibilities that we could not try due to limited time as well as some limitations of the current ADATE version. I hope that this thesis can promote future work on this topic, especially when the next version of ADATE comes out. This thesis also includes a short analysis of the power of ADATE system, which could be useful for other researchers who want to know what it is capable of.	372
What is the best back propagation (deep learning) presentation for dummies?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	286
What is the best back propagation (deep learning) presentation for dummies?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	286
What is the best back propagation (deep learning) presentation for dummies?	Cost-Based Goal Recognition Meets Deep Learning  The ability to observe the effects of actions performed by others and to infer their intent, most likely goals, or course of action, is known as a plan or intention recognition cognitive capability and has long been one of the fundamental research challenges in AI. Deep learning has recently been making significant inroads on various pattern recognition problems, except for intention recognition. While extensively explored since the seventies, the problem remains unsolved for most interesting cases in various areas, ranging from natural language understanding to human behavior understanding based on video feeds. This paper compares symbolic inverse planning, one of the most investigated approaches to goal recognition, to deep learning using CNN and LTSM neural network architectures, on five synthetic benchmarks often used in the literature. The results show that the deep learning approach achieves better goal-prediction accuracy and timeliness than the symbolic cost-based plan recognizer in these domains. Although preliminary, these results point to interesting future research avenues.	Cost-Based Goal Recognition Meets Deep Learning  The ability to observe the effects of actions performed by others and to infer their intent, most likely goals, or course of action, is known as a plan or intention recognition cognitive capability and has long been one of the fundamental research challenges in AI. Deep learning has recently been making significant inroads on various pattern recognition problems, except for intention recognition. While extensively explored since the seventies, the problem remains unsolved for most interesting cases in various areas, ranging from natural language understanding to human behavior understanding based on video feeds. This paper compares symbolic inverse planning, one of the most investigated approaches to goal recognition, to deep learning using CNN and LTSM neural network architectures, on five synthetic benchmarks often used in the literature. The results show that the deep learning approach achieves better goal-prediction accuracy and timeliness than the symbolic cost-based plan recognizer in these domains. Although preliminary, these results point to interesting future research avenues.	291
What is the best back propagation (deep learning) presentation for dummies?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation. In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively. We conclude, based on the experiments, the coding criterion is successful in building program representations. To evaluate whether deep learning is beneficial for program analysis, we feed the representations to deep neural networks, and achieve higher accuracy in the program classification task than "shallow" methods, such as logistic regression and the support vector machine. This result confirms the feasibility of deep learning to analyze programs. It also gives primary evidence of its success in this new field. We believe deep learning will become an outstanding technique for program analysis in the near future.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation. In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively. We conclude, based on the experiments, the coding criterion is successful in building program representations. To evaluate whether deep learning is beneficial for program analysis, we feed the representations to deep neural networks, and achieve higher accuracy in the program classification task than "shallow" methods, such as logistic regression and the support vector machine. This result confirms the feasibility of deep learning to analyze programs. It also gives primary evidence of its success in this new field. We believe deep learning will become an outstanding technique for program analysis in the near future.	295
What is the best back propagation (deep learning) presentation for dummies?	Deep Learning as Feature Encoding for Emotion Recognition  Deep learning is popular as an end-to-end framework extracting the prominent features and performing the classification also. In this paper, we extensively investigate deep networks as an alternate to feature encoding technique of low level descriptors for emotion recognition on the benchmark EmoDB dataset. Fusion performance with such obtained encoded features with other available features is also investigated. Highest performance to date in the literature is observed.	Deep Learning as Feature Encoding for Emotion Recognition  Deep learning is popular as an end-to-end framework extracting the prominent features and performing the classification also. In this paper, we extensively investigate deep networks as an alternate to feature encoding technique of low level descriptors for emotion recognition on the benchmark EmoDB dataset. Fusion performance with such obtained encoded features with other available features is also investigated. Highest performance to date in the literature is observed.	292
Does anyone ever use a softmax layer mid-neural network rather than at the end?	Multi-Layer Softmaxing during Training Neural Machine Translation for   Flexible Decoding with Fewer Layers  This paper proposes a novel procedure for training an encoder-decoder based deep neural network which compresses NxM models into a single model enabling us to dynamically choose the number of encoder and decoder layers for decoding. Usually, the output of the last layer of the N-layer encoder is fed to the M-layer decoder, and the output of the last decoder layer is used to compute softmax loss. Instead, our method computes a single loss consisting of NxM losses: the softmax loss for the output of each of the M decoder layers derived using the output of each of the N encoder layers. A single model trained by our method can be used for decoding with an arbitrary fewer number of encoder and decoder layers. In practical scenarios, this (a) enables faster decoding with insignificant losses in translation quality and (b) alleviates the need to train NxM models, thereby saving space. We take a case study of neural machine translation and show the advantage and give a cost-benefit analysis of our approach.	Multi-Layer Softmaxing during Training Neural Machine Translation for   Flexible Decoding with Fewer Layers  This paper proposes a novel procedure for training an encoder-decoder based deep neural network which compresses NxM models into a single model enabling us to dynamically choose the number of encoder and decoder layers for decoding. Usually, the output of the last layer of the N-layer encoder is fed to the M-layer decoder, and the output of the last decoder layer is used to compute softmax loss. Instead, our method computes a single loss consisting of NxM losses: the softmax loss for the output of each of the M decoder layers derived using the output of each of the N encoder layers. A single model trained by our method can be used for decoding with an arbitrary fewer number of encoder and decoder layers. In practical scenarios, this (a) enables faster decoding with insignificant losses in translation quality and (b) alleviates the need to train NxM models, thereby saving space. We take a case study of neural machine translation and show the advantage and give a cost-benefit analysis of our approach.	355
Does anyone ever use a softmax layer mid-neural network rather than at the end?	Annealing Gaussian into ReLU: a New Sampling Strategy for Leaky-ReLU RBM  Restricted Boltzmann Machine (RBM) is a bipartite graphical model that is used as the building block in energy-based deep generative models. Due to numerical stability and quantifiability of the likelihood, RBM is commonly used with Bernoulli units. Here, we consider an alternative member of exponential family RBM with leaky rectified linear units -- called leaky RBM. We first study the joint and marginal distributions of leaky RBM under different leakiness, which provides us important insights by connecting the leaky RBM model and truncated Gaussian distributions. The connection leads us to a simple yet efficient method for sampling from this model, where the basic idea is to anneal the leakiness rather than the energy; -- i.e., start from a fully Gaussian/Linear unit and gradually decrease the leakiness over iterations. This serves as an alternative to the annealing of the temperature parameter and enables numerical estimation of the likelihood that are more efficient and more accurate than the commonly used annealed importance sampling (AIS). We further demonstrate that the proposed sampling algorithm enjoys faster mixing property than contrastive divergence algorithm, which benefits the training without any additional computational cost.	Annealing Gaussian into ReLU: a New Sampling Strategy for Leaky-ReLU RBM  Restricted Boltzmann Machine (RBM) is a bipartite graphical model that is used as the building block in energy-based deep generative models. Due to numerical stability and quantifiability of the likelihood, RBM is commonly used with Bernoulli units. Here, we consider an alternative member of exponential family RBM with leaky rectified linear units -- called leaky RBM. We first study the joint and marginal distributions of leaky RBM under different leakiness, which provides us important insights by connecting the leaky RBM model and truncated Gaussian distributions. The connection leads us to a simple yet efficient method for sampling from this model, where the basic idea is to anneal the leakiness rather than the energy; -- i.e., start from a fully Gaussian/Linear unit and gradually decrease the leakiness over iterations. This serves as an alternative to the annealing of the temperature parameter and enables numerical estimation of the likelihood that are more efficient and more accurate than the commonly used annealed importance sampling (AIS). We further demonstrate that the proposed sampling algorithm enjoys faster mixing property than contrastive divergence algorithm, which benefits the training without any additional computational cost.	354
Does anyone ever use a softmax layer mid-neural network rather than at the end?	Why M Heads are Better than One: Training a Diverse Ensemble of Deep   Networks  Convolutional Neural Networks have achieved state-of-the-art performance on a wide range of tasks. Most benchmarks are led by ensembles of these powerful learners, but ensembling is typically treated as a post-hoc procedure implemented by averaging independently trained models with model variation induced by bagging or random initialization. In this paper, we rigorously treat ensembling as a first-class problem to explicitly address the question: what are the best strategies to create an ensemble? We first compare a large number of ensembling strategies, and then propose and evaluate novel strategies, such as parameter sharing (through a new family of models we call TreeNets) as well as training under ensemble-aware and diversity-encouraging losses. We demonstrate that TreeNets can improve ensemble performance and that diverse ensembles can be trained end-to-end under a unified loss, achieving significantly higher "oracle" accuracies than classical ensembles.	Why M Heads are Better than One: Training a Diverse Ensemble of Deep   Networks  Convolutional Neural Networks have achieved state-of-the-art performance on a wide range of tasks. Most benchmarks are led by ensembles of these powerful learners, but ensembling is typically treated as a post-hoc procedure implemented by averaging independently trained models with model variation induced by bagging or random initialization. In this paper, we rigorously treat ensembling as a first-class problem to explicitly address the question: what are the best strategies to create an ensemble? We first compare a large number of ensembling strategies, and then propose and evaluate novel strategies, such as parameter sharing (through a new family of models we call TreeNets) as well as training under ensemble-aware and diversity-encouraging losses. We demonstrate that TreeNets can improve ensemble performance and that diverse ensembles can be trained end-to-end under a unified loss, achieving significantly higher "oracle" accuracies than classical ensembles.	356
Does anyone ever use a softmax layer mid-neural network rather than at the end?	Learning Numeracy: Binary Arithmetic with Neural Turing Machines  One of the main problems encountered so far with recurrent neural networks is that they struggle to retain long-time information dependencies in their recurrent connections. Neural Turing Machines (NTMs) attempt to mitigate this issue by providing the neural network with an external portion of memory, in which information can be stored and manipulated later on. The whole mechanism is differentiable end-to-end, allowing the network to learn how to utilise this long-term memory via stochastic gradient descent. This allows NTMs to infer simple algorithms directly from data sequences. Nonetheless, the model can be hard to train due to a large number of parameters and interacting components and little related work is present. In this work we use NTMs to learn and generalise two arithmetical tasks: binary addition and multiplication. These tasks are two fundamental algorithmic examples in computer science, and are a lot more challenging than the previously explored ones, with which we aim to shed some light on the real capabilities on this neural model.	Learning Numeracy: Binary Arithmetic with Neural Turing Machines  One of the main problems encountered so far with recurrent neural networks is that they struggle to retain long-time information dependencies in their recurrent connections. Neural Turing Machines (NTMs) attempt to mitigate this issue by providing the neural network with an external portion of memory, in which information can be stored and manipulated later on. The whole mechanism is differentiable end-to-end, allowing the network to learn how to utilise this long-term memory via stochastic gradient descent. This allows NTMs to infer simple algorithms directly from data sequences. Nonetheless, the model can be hard to train due to a large number of parameters and interacting components and little related work is present. In this work we use NTMs to learn and generalise two arithmetical tasks: binary addition and multiplication. These tasks are two fundamental algorithmic examples in computer science, and are a lot more challenging than the previously explored ones, with which we aim to shed some light on the real capabilities on this neural model.	355
Does anyone ever use a softmax layer mid-neural network rather than at the end?	Kitsune: An Ensemble of Autoencoders for Online Network Intrusion   Detection  Neural networks have become an increasingly popular solution for network intrusion detection systems (NIDS). Their capability of learning complex patterns and behaviors make them a suitable solution for differentiating between normal traffic and network attacks. However, a drawback of neural networks is the amount of resources needed to train them. Many network gateways and routers devices, which could potentially host an NIDS, simply do not have the memory or processing power to train and sometimes even execute such models. More importantly, the existing neural network solutions are trained in a supervised manner. Meaning that an expert must label the network traffic and update the model manually from time to time.   In this paper, we present Kitsune: a plug and play NIDS which can learn to detect attacks on the local network, without supervision, and in an efficient online manner. Kitsune's core algorithm (KitNET) uses an ensemble of neural networks called autoencoders to collectively differentiate between normal and abnormal traffic patterns. KitNET is supported by a feature extraction framework which efficiently tracks the patterns of every network channel. Our evaluations show that Kitsune can detect various attacks with a performance comparable to offline anomaly detectors, even on a Raspberry PI. This demonstrates that Kitsune can be a practical and economic NIDS.	Kitsune: An Ensemble of Autoencoders for Online Network Intrusion   Detection  Neural networks have become an increasingly popular solution for network intrusion detection systems (NIDS). Their capability of learning complex patterns and behaviors make them a suitable solution for differentiating between normal traffic and network attacks. However, a drawback of neural networks is the amount of resources needed to train them. Many network gateways and routers devices, which could potentially host an NIDS, simply do not have the memory or processing power to train and sometimes even execute such models. More importantly, the existing neural network solutions are trained in a supervised manner. Meaning that an expert must label the network traffic and update the model manually from time to time.   In this paper, we present Kitsune: a plug and play NIDS which can learn to detect attacks on the local network, without supervision, and in an efficient online manner. Kitsune's core algorithm (KitNET) uses an ensemble of neural networks called autoencoders to collectively differentiate between normal and abnormal traffic patterns. KitNET is supported by a feature extraction framework which efficiently tracks the patterns of every network channel. Our evaluations show that Kitsune can detect various attacks with a performance comparable to offline anomaly detectors, even on a Raspberry PI. This demonstrates that Kitsune can be a practical and economic NIDS.	351
Whats the difference between backpropagation and backpropagation through time?	Are skip connections necessary for biologically plausible learning   rules?  Backpropagation is the workhorse of deep learning, however, several other biologically-motivated learning rules have been introduced, such as random feedback alignment and difference target propagation. None of these methods have produced a competitive performance against backpropagation. In this paper, we show that biologically-motivated learning rules with skip connections between intermediate layers can perform as well as backpropagation on the MNIST dataset and are robust to various sets of hyper-parameters.	Are skip connections necessary for biologically plausible learning   rules?  Backpropagation is the workhorse of deep learning, however, several other biologically-motivated learning rules have been introduced, such as random feedback alignment and difference target propagation. None of these methods have produced a competitive performance against backpropagation. In this paper, we show that biologically-motivated learning rules with skip connections between intermediate layers can perform as well as backpropagation on the MNIST dataset and are robust to various sets of hyper-parameters.	347
Whats the difference between backpropagation and backpropagation through time?	Sparse Attentive Backtracking: Long-Range Credit Assignment in Recurrent   Networks  A major drawback of backpropagation through time (BPTT) is the difficulty of learning long-term dependencies, coming from having to propagate credit information backwards through every single step of the forward computation. This makes BPTT both computationally impractical and biologically implausible. For this reason, full backpropagation through time is rarely used on long sequences, and truncated backpropagation through time is used as a heuristic. However, this usually leads to biased estimates of the gradient in which longer term dependencies are ignored. Addressing this issue, we propose an alternative algorithm, Sparse Attentive Backtracking, which might also be related to principles used by brains to learn long-term dependencies. Sparse Attentive Backtracking learns an attention mechanism over the hidden states of the past and selectively backpropagates through paths with high attention weights. This allows the model to learn long term dependencies while only backtracking for a small number of time steps, not just from the recent past but also from attended relevant past states.	Sparse Attentive Backtracking: Long-Range Credit Assignment in Recurrent   Networks  A major drawback of backpropagation through time (BPTT) is the difficulty of learning long-term dependencies, coming from having to propagate credit information backwards through every single step of the forward computation. This makes BPTT both computationally impractical and biologically implausible. For this reason, full backpropagation through time is rarely used on long sequences, and truncated backpropagation through time is used as a heuristic. However, this usually leads to biased estimates of the gradient in which longer term dependencies are ignored. Addressing this issue, we propose an alternative algorithm, Sparse Attentive Backtracking, which might also be related to principles used by brains to learn long-term dependencies. Sparse Attentive Backtracking learns an attention mechanism over the hidden states of the past and selectively backpropagates through paths with high attention weights. This allows the model to learn long term dependencies while only backtracking for a small number of time steps, not just from the recent past but also from attended relevant past states.	354
Whats the difference between backpropagation and backpropagation through time?	Inexact Online Proximal-gradient Method for Time-varying Convex   Optimization  This paper considers an online proximal-gradient method to track the minimizers of a composite convex function that may continuously evolve over time. The online proximal-gradient method is inexact, in the sense that: (i) it relies on an approximate first-order information of the smooth component of the cost; and, (ii) the proximal operator (with respect to the non-smooth term) may be computed only up to a certain precision. Under suitable assumptions, convergence of the error iterates is established for strongly convex cost functions. On the other hand, the dynamic regret is investigated when the cost is not strongly convex, under the additional assumption that the problem includes feasibility sets that are compact. Bounds are expressed in terms of the cumulative error and the path length of the optimal solutions. This suggests how to allocate resources to strike a balance between performance and precision in the gradient computation and in the proximal operator.	Inexact Online Proximal-gradient Method for Time-varying Convex   Optimization  This paper considers an online proximal-gradient method to track the minimizers of a composite convex function that may continuously evolve over time. The online proximal-gradient method is inexact, in the sense that: (i) it relies on an approximate first-order information of the smooth component of the cost; and, (ii) the proximal operator (with respect to the non-smooth term) may be computed only up to a certain precision. Under suitable assumptions, convergence of the error iterates is established for strongly convex cost functions. On the other hand, the dynamic regret is investigated when the cost is not strongly convex, under the additional assumption that the problem includes feasibility sets that are compact. Bounds are expressed in terms of the cumulative error and the path length of the optimal solutions. This suggests how to allocate resources to strike a balance between performance and precision in the gradient computation and in the proximal operator.	351
Whats the difference between backpropagation and backpropagation through time?	Time2Vec: Learning a Vector Representation of Time  Time is an important feature in many applications involving events that occur synchronously and/or asynchronously. To effectively consume time information, recent studies have focused on designing new architectures. In this paper, we take an orthogonal but complementary approach by providing a model-agnostic vector representation for time, called Time2Vec, that can be easily imported into many existing and future architectures and improve their performances. We show on a range of models and problems that replacing the notion of time with its Time2Vec representation improves the performance of the final model.	Time2Vec: Learning a Vector Representation of Time  Time is an important feature in many applications involving events that occur synchronously and/or asynchronously. To effectively consume time information, recent studies have focused on designing new architectures. In this paper, we take an orthogonal but complementary approach by providing a model-agnostic vector representation for time, called Time2Vec, that can be easily imported into many existing and future architectures and improve their performances. We show on a range of models and problems that replacing the notion of time with its Time2Vec representation improves the performance of the final model.	343
Whats the difference between backpropagation and backpropagation through time?	Self-attention with Functional Time Representation Learning  Sequential modelling with self-attention has achieved cutting edge performances in natural language processing. With advantages in model flexibility, computation complexity and interpretability, self-attention is gradually becoming a key component in event sequence models. However, like most other sequence models, self-attention does not account for the time span between events and thus captures sequential signals rather than temporal patterns. Without relying on recurrent network structures, self-attention recognizes event orderings via positional encoding. To bridge the gap between modelling time-independent and time-dependent event sequence, we introduce a functional feature map that embeds time span into high-dimensional spaces. By constructing the associated translation-invariant time kernel function, we reveal the functional forms of the feature map under classic functional function analysis results, namely Bochner's Theorem and Mercer's Theorem. We propose several models to learn the functional time representation and the interactions with event representation. These methods are evaluated on real-world datasets under various continuous-time event sequence prediction tasks. The experiments reveal that the proposed methods compare favorably to baseline models while also capturing useful time-event interactions.	Self-attention with Functional Time Representation Learning  Sequential modelling with self-attention has achieved cutting edge performances in natural language processing. With advantages in model flexibility, computation complexity and interpretability, self-attention is gradually becoming a key component in event sequence models. However, like most other sequence models, self-attention does not account for the time span between events and thus captures sequential signals rather than temporal patterns. Without relying on recurrent network structures, self-attention recognizes event orderings via positional encoding. To bridge the gap between modelling time-independent and time-dependent event sequence, we introduce a functional feature map that embeds time span into high-dimensional spaces. By constructing the associated translation-invariant time kernel function, we reveal the functional forms of the feature map under classic functional function analysis results, namely Bochner's Theorem and Mercer's Theorem. We propose several models to learn the functional time representation and the interactions with event representation. These methods are evaluated on real-world datasets under various continuous-time event sequence prediction tasks. The experiments reveal that the proposed methods compare favorably to baseline models while also capturing useful time-event interactions.	355
What is the best visual explanation for the back propagation algorithm for neural networks?	Neural system identification for large populations separating "what" and   "where"  Neuroscientists classify neurons into different types that perform similar computations at different locations in the visual field. Traditional methods for neural system identification do not capitalize on this separation of 'what' and 'where'. Learning deep convolutional feature spaces that are shared among many neurons provides an exciting path forward, but the architectural design needs to account for data limitations: While new experimental techniques enable recordings from thousands of neurons, experimental time is limited so that one can sample only a small fraction of each neuron's response space. Here, we show that a major bottleneck for fitting convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to neural data is the estimation of the individual receptive field locations, a problem that has been scratched only at the surface thus far. We propose a CNN architecture with a sparse readout layer factorizing the spatial (where) and feature (what) dimensions. Our network scales well to thousands of neurons and short recordings and can be trained end-to-end. We evaluate this architecture on ground-truth data to explore the challenges and limitations of CNN-based system identification. Moreover, we show that our network model outperforms current state-of-the art system identification models of mouse primary visual cortex.	Neural system identification for large populations separating "what" and   "where"  Neuroscientists classify neurons into different types that perform similar computations at different locations in the visual field. Traditional methods for neural system identification do not capitalize on this separation of 'what' and 'where'. Learning deep convolutional feature spaces that are shared among many neurons provides an exciting path forward, but the architectural design needs to account for data limitations: While new experimental techniques enable recordings from thousands of neurons, experimental time is limited so that one can sample only a small fraction of each neuron's response space. Here, we show that a major bottleneck for fitting convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to neural data is the estimation of the individual receptive field locations, a problem that has been scratched only at the surface thus far. We propose a CNN architecture with a sparse readout layer factorizing the spatial (where) and feature (what) dimensions. Our network scales well to thousands of neurons and short recordings and can be trained end-to-end. We evaluate this architecture on ground-truth data to explore the challenges and limitations of CNN-based system identification. Moreover, we show that our network model outperforms current state-of-the art system identification models of mouse primary visual cortex.	306
What is the best visual explanation for the back propagation algorithm for neural networks?	TopoAct: Visually Exploring the Shape of Activations in Deep Learning  Deep neural networks such as GoogLeNet, ResNet, and BERT have achieved impressive performance in tasks such as image and text classification. To understand how such performance is achieved, we probe a trained deep neural network by studying neuron activations, i.e., combinations of neuron firings, at various layers of the network in response to a particular input. With a large number of inputs, we aim to obtain a global view of what neurons detect by studying their activations. In particular, we develop visualizations that show the shape of the activation space, the organizational principle behind neuron activations, and the relationships of these activations within a layer. Applying tools from topological data analysis, we present TopoAct, a visual exploration system to study topological summaries of activation vectors. We present exploration scenarios using TopoAct that provide valuable insights into learned representations of neural networks. We expect TopoAct to give a topological perspective that enriches the current toolbox of neural network analysis, and to provide a basis for network architecture diagnosis and data anomaly detection.	TopoAct: Visually Exploring the Shape of Activations in Deep Learning  Deep neural networks such as GoogLeNet, ResNet, and BERT have achieved impressive performance in tasks such as image and text classification. To understand how such performance is achieved, we probe a trained deep neural network by studying neuron activations, i.e., combinations of neuron firings, at various layers of the network in response to a particular input. With a large number of inputs, we aim to obtain a global view of what neurons detect by studying their activations. In particular, we develop visualizations that show the shape of the activation space, the organizational principle behind neuron activations, and the relationships of these activations within a layer. Applying tools from topological data analysis, we present TopoAct, a visual exploration system to study topological summaries of activation vectors. We present exploration scenarios using TopoAct that provide valuable insights into learned representations of neural networks. We expect TopoAct to give a topological perspective that enriches the current toolbox of neural network analysis, and to provide a basis for network architecture diagnosis and data anomaly detection.	298
What is the best visual explanation for the back propagation algorithm for neural networks?	Relational Mimic for Visual Adversarial Imitation Learning  In this work, we introduce a new method for imitation learning from video demonstrations. Our method, Relational Mimic (RM), improves on previous visual imitation learning methods by combining generative adversarial networks and relational learning. RM is flexible and can be used in conjunction with other recent advances in generative adversarial imitation learning to better address the need for more robust and sample-efficient approaches. In addition, we introduce a new neural network architecture that improves upon the previous state-of-the-art in reinforcement learning and illustrate how increasing the relational reasoning capabilities of the agent enables the latter to achieve increasingly higher performance in a challenging locomotion task with pixel inputs. Finally, we study the effects and contributions of relational learning in policy evaluation, policy improvement and reward learning through ablation studies.	Relational Mimic for Visual Adversarial Imitation Learning  In this work, we introduce a new method for imitation learning from video demonstrations. Our method, Relational Mimic (RM), improves on previous visual imitation learning methods by combining generative adversarial networks and relational learning. RM is flexible and can be used in conjunction with other recent advances in generative adversarial imitation learning to better address the need for more robust and sample-efficient approaches. In addition, we introduce a new neural network architecture that improves upon the previous state-of-the-art in reinforcement learning and illustrate how increasing the relational reasoning capabilities of the agent enables the latter to achieve increasingly higher performance in a challenging locomotion task with pixel inputs. Finally, we study the effects and contributions of relational learning in policy evaluation, policy improvement and reward learning through ablation studies.	303
What is the best visual explanation for the back propagation algorithm for neural networks?	Investigating the influence of noise and distractors on the   interpretation of neural networks  Understanding neural networks is becoming increasingly important. Over the last few years different types of visualisation and explanation methods have been proposed. However, none of them explicitly considered the behaviour in the presence of noise and distracting elements. In this work, we will show how noise and distracting dimensions can influence the result of an explanation model. This gives a new theoretical insights to aid selection of the most appropriate explanation model within the deep-Taylor decomposition framework.	Investigating the influence of noise and distractors on the   interpretation of neural networks  Understanding neural networks is becoming increasingly important. Over the last few years different types of visualisation and explanation methods have been proposed. However, none of them explicitly considered the behaviour in the presence of noise and distracting elements. In this work, we will show how noise and distracting dimensions can influence the result of an explanation model. This gives a new theoretical insights to aid selection of the most appropriate explanation model within the deep-Taylor decomposition framework.	303
What is the best visual explanation for the back propagation algorithm for neural networks?	Video Action Recognition Via Neural Architecture Searching  Deep neural networks have achieved great success for video analysis and understanding. However, designing a high-performance neural architecture requires substantial efforts and expertise. In this paper, we make the first attempt to let algorithm automatically design neural networks for video action recognition tasks. Specifically, a spatio-temporal network is developed in a differentiable space modeled by a directed acyclic graph, thus a gradient-based strategy can be performed to search an optimal architecture. Nonetheless, it is computationally expensive, since the computational burden to evaluate each architecture candidate is still heavy. To alleviate this issue, we, for the video input, introduce a temporal segment approach to reduce the computational cost without losing global video information. For the architecture, we explore in an efficient search space by introducing pseudo 3D operators. Experiments show that, our architecture outperforms popular neural architectures, under the training from scratch protocol, on the challenging UCF101 dataset, surprisingly, with only around one percentage of parameters of its manual-design counterparts.	Video Action Recognition Via Neural Architecture Searching  Deep neural networks have achieved great success for video analysis and understanding. However, designing a high-performance neural architecture requires substantial efforts and expertise. In this paper, we make the first attempt to let algorithm automatically design neural networks for video action recognition tasks. Specifically, a spatio-temporal network is developed in a differentiable space modeled by a directed acyclic graph, thus a gradient-based strategy can be performed to search an optimal architecture. Nonetheless, it is computationally expensive, since the computational burden to evaluate each architecture candidate is still heavy. To alleviate this issue, we, for the video input, introduce a temporal segment approach to reduce the computational cost without losing global video information. For the architecture, we explore in an efficient search space by introducing pseudo 3D operators. Experiments show that, our architecture outperforms popular neural architectures, under the training from scratch protocol, on the challenging UCF101 dataset, surprisingly, with only around one percentage of parameters of its manual-design counterparts.	310
What is the practical usage of batch normalization in neural networks?	Towards Understanding the Importance of Noise in Training Neural   Networks  Numerous empirical evidence has corroborated that the noise plays a crucial rule in effective and efficient training of neural networks. The theory behind, however, is still largely unknown. This paper studies this fundamental problem through training a simple two-layer convolutional neural network model. Although training such a network requires solving a nonconvex optimization problem with a spurious local optimum and a global optimum, we prove that perturbed gradient descent and perturbed mini-batch stochastic gradient algorithms in conjunction with noise annealing is guaranteed to converge to a global optimum in polynomial time with arbitrary initialization. This implies that the noise enables the algorithm to efficiently escape from the spurious local optimum. Numerical experiments are provided to support our theory.	Towards Understanding the Importance of Noise in Training Neural   Networks  Numerous empirical evidence has corroborated that the noise plays a crucial rule in effective and efficient training of neural networks. The theory behind, however, is still largely unknown. This paper studies this fundamental problem through training a simple two-layer convolutional neural network model. Although training such a network requires solving a nonconvex optimization problem with a spurious local optimum and a global optimum, we prove that perturbed gradient descent and perturbed mini-batch stochastic gradient algorithms in conjunction with noise annealing is guaranteed to converge to a global optimum in polynomial time with arbitrary initialization. This implies that the noise enables the algorithm to efficiently escape from the spurious local optimum. Numerical experiments are provided to support our theory.	324
What is the practical usage of batch normalization in neural networks?	Neural Networks as Geometric Chaotic Maps  The use of artificial neural networks as models of chaotic dynamics has been rapidly expanding. Still, a theoretical understanding of how neural networks learn chaos is lacking. Here, we employ a geometric perspective to show that neural networks can efficiently model chaotic dynamics by becoming structurally chaotic themselves. We first confirm neural network's efficiency in emulating chaos by showing that a parsimonious neural network trained only on few data points can reconstruct strange attractors, extrapolate outside training data boundaries, and accurately predict local divergence rates. We then posit that the trained network's map comprises sequential geometric stretching, rotation, and compression operations. These geometric operations indicate topological mixing and chaos, explaining why neural networks are naturally suitable to emulate chaotic dynamics.	Neural Networks as Geometric Chaotic Maps  The use of artificial neural networks as models of chaotic dynamics has been rapidly expanding. Still, a theoretical understanding of how neural networks learn chaos is lacking. Here, we employ a geometric perspective to show that neural networks can efficiently model chaotic dynamics by becoming structurally chaotic themselves. We first confirm neural network's efficiency in emulating chaos by showing that a parsimonious neural network trained only on few data points can reconstruct strange attractors, extrapolate outside training data boundaries, and accurately predict local divergence rates. We then posit that the trained network's map comprises sequential geometric stretching, rotation, and compression operations. These geometric operations indicate topological mixing and chaos, explaining why neural networks are naturally suitable to emulate chaotic dynamics.	326
What is the practical usage of batch normalization in neural networks?	On the expected behaviour of noise regularised deep neural networks as   Gaussian processes  Recent work has established the equivalence between deep neural networks and Gaussian processes (GPs), resulting in so-called neural network Gaussian processes (NNGPs). The behaviour of these models depends on the initialisation of the corresponding network. In this work, we consider the impact of noise regularisation (e.g. dropout) on NNGPs, and relate their behaviour to signal propagation theory in noise regularised deep neural networks. For ReLU activations, we find that the best performing NNGPs have kernel parameters that correspond to a recently proposed initialisation scheme for noise regularised ReLU networks. In addition, we show how the noise influences the covariance matrix of the NNGP, producing a stronger prior towards simple functions away from the training points. We verify our theoretical findings with experiments on MNIST and CIFAR-10 as well as on synthetic data.	On the expected behaviour of noise regularised deep neural networks as   Gaussian processes  Recent work has established the equivalence between deep neural networks and Gaussian processes (GPs), resulting in so-called neural network Gaussian processes (NNGPs). The behaviour of these models depends on the initialisation of the corresponding network. In this work, we consider the impact of noise regularisation (e.g. dropout) on NNGPs, and relate their behaviour to signal propagation theory in noise regularised deep neural networks. For ReLU activations, we find that the best performing NNGPs have kernel parameters that correspond to a recently proposed initialisation scheme for noise regularised ReLU networks. In addition, we show how the noise influences the covariance matrix of the NNGP, producing a stronger prior towards simple functions away from the training points. We verify our theoretical findings with experiments on MNIST and CIFAR-10 as well as on synthetic data.	327
What is the practical usage of batch normalization in neural networks?	Introducing Noise in Decentralized Training of Neural Networks  It has been shown that injecting noise into the neural network weights during the training process leads to a better generalization of the resulting model. Noise injection in the distributed setup is a straightforward technique and it represents a promising approach to improve the locally trained models. We investigate the effects of noise injection into the neural networks during a decentralized training process. We show both theoretically and empirically that noise injection has no positive effect in expectation on linear models, though. However for non-linear neural networks we empirically show that noise injection substantially improves model quality helping to reach a generalization ability of a local model close to the serial baseline.	Introducing Noise in Decentralized Training of Neural Networks  It has been shown that injecting noise into the neural network weights during the training process leads to a better generalization of the resulting model. Noise injection in the distributed setup is a straightforward technique and it represents a promising approach to improve the locally trained models. We investigate the effects of noise injection into the neural networks during a decentralized training process. We show both theoretically and empirically that noise injection has no positive effect in expectation on linear models, though. However for non-linear neural networks we empirically show that noise injection substantially improves model quality helping to reach a generalization ability of a local model close to the serial baseline.	321
What is the practical usage of batch normalization in neural networks?	Network Enhancement: a general method to denoise weighted biological   networks  Networks are ubiquitous in biology where they encode connectivity patterns at all scales of organization, from molecular to the biome. However, biological networks are noisy due to the limitations of measurement technology and inherent natural variation, which can hamper discovery of network patterns and dynamics. We propose Network Enhancement (NE), a method for improving the signal-to-noise ratio of undirected, weighted networks. NE uses a doubly stochastic matrix operator that induces sparsity and provides a closed-form solution that increases spectral eigengap of the input network. As a result, NE removes weak edges, enhances real connections, and leads to better downstream performance. Experiments show that NE improves gene function prediction by denoising tissue-specific interaction networks, alleviates interpretation of noisy Hi-C contact maps from the human genome, and boosts fine-grained identification accuracy of species. Our results indicate that NE is widely applicable for denoising biological networks.	Network Enhancement: a general method to denoise weighted biological   networks  Networks are ubiquitous in biology where they encode connectivity patterns at all scales of organization, from molecular to the biome. However, biological networks are noisy due to the limitations of measurement technology and inherent natural variation, which can hamper discovery of network patterns and dynamics. We propose Network Enhancement (NE), a method for improving the signal-to-noise ratio of undirected, weighted networks. NE uses a doubly stochastic matrix operator that induces sparsity and provides a closed-form solution that increases spectral eigengap of the input network. As a result, NE removes weak edges, enhances real connections, and leads to better downstream performance. Experiments show that NE improves gene function prediction by denoising tissue-specific interaction networks, alleviates interpretation of noisy Hi-C contact maps from the human genome, and boosts fine-grained identification accuracy of species. Our results indicate that NE is widely applicable for denoising biological networks.	322
In laymans terms, what is batch normalisation, what does it do, and why does it work so well?	Adversarial Sample Detection for Deep Neural Network through Model   Mutation Testing  Deep neural networks (DNN) have been shown to be useful in a wide range of applications. However, they are also known to be vulnerable to adversarial samples. By transforming a normal sample with some carefully crafted human imperceptible perturbations, even highly accurate DNN make wrong decisions. Multiple defense mechanisms have been proposed which aim to hinder the generation of such adversarial samples. However, a recent work show that most of them are ineffective. In this work, we propose an alternative approach to detect adversarial samples at runtime. Our main observation is that adversarial samples are much more sensitive than normal samples if we impose random mutations on the DNN. We thus first propose a measure of `sensitivity' and show empirically that normal samples and adversarial samples have distinguishable sensitivity. We then integrate statistical hypothesis testing and model mutation testing to check whether an input sample is likely to be normal or adversarial at runtime by measuring its sensitivity. We evaluated our approach on the MNIST and CIFAR10 datasets. The results show that our approach detects adversarial samples generated by state-of-the-art attacking methods efficiently and accurately.	Adversarial Sample Detection for Deep Neural Network through Model   Mutation Testing  Deep neural networks (DNN) have been shown to be useful in a wide range of applications. However, they are also known to be vulnerable to adversarial samples. By transforming a normal sample with some carefully crafted human imperceptible perturbations, even highly accurate DNN make wrong decisions. Multiple defense mechanisms have been proposed which aim to hinder the generation of such adversarial samples. However, a recent work show that most of them are ineffective. In this work, we propose an alternative approach to detect adversarial samples at runtime. Our main observation is that adversarial samples are much more sensitive than normal samples if we impose random mutations on the DNN. We thus first propose a measure of `sensitivity' and show empirically that normal samples and adversarial samples have distinguishable sensitivity. We then integrate statistical hypothesis testing and model mutation testing to check whether an input sample is likely to be normal or adversarial at runtime by measuring its sensitivity. We evaluated our approach on the MNIST and CIFAR10 datasets. The results show that our approach detects adversarial samples generated by state-of-the-art attacking methods efficiently and accurately.	388
In laymans terms, what is batch normalisation, what does it do, and why does it work so well?	Batch Normalized Recurrent Neural Networks  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are powerful models for sequential data that have the potential to learn long-term dependencies. However, they are computationally expensive to train and difficult to parallelize. Recent work has shown that normalizing intermediate representations of neural networks can significantly improve convergence rates in feedforward neural networks . In particular, batch normalization, which uses mini-batch statistics to standardize features, was shown to significantly reduce training time. In this paper, we show that applying batch normalization to the hidden-to-hidden transitions of our RNNs doesn't help the training procedure. We also show that when applied to the input-to-hidden transitions, batch normalization can lead to a faster convergence of the training criterion but doesn't seem to improve the generalization performance on both our language modelling and speech recognition tasks. All in all, applying batch normalization to RNNs turns out to be more challenging than applying it to feedforward networks, but certain variants of it can still be beneficial.	Batch Normalized Recurrent Neural Networks  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are powerful models for sequential data that have the potential to learn long-term dependencies. However, they are computationally expensive to train and difficult to parallelize. Recent work has shown that normalizing intermediate representations of neural networks can significantly improve convergence rates in feedforward neural networks . In particular, batch normalization, which uses mini-batch statistics to standardize features, was shown to significantly reduce training time. In this paper, we show that applying batch normalization to the hidden-to-hidden transitions of our RNNs doesn't help the training procedure. We also show that when applied to the input-to-hidden transitions, batch normalization can lead to a faster convergence of the training criterion but doesn't seem to improve the generalization performance on both our language modelling and speech recognition tasks. All in all, applying batch normalization to RNNs turns out to be more challenging than applying it to feedforward networks, but certain variants of it can still be beneficial.	367
In laymans terms, what is batch normalisation, what does it do, and why does it work so well?	Confidence Scores Make Instance-dependent Label-noise Learning Possible  In learning with noisy labels, for every instance, its label can randomly walk to other classes following a transition distribution which is named a noise model. Well-studied noise models are all instance-independent, namely, the transition depends only on the original label but not the instance itself, and thus they are less practical in the wild. Fortunately, methods based on instance-dependent noise have been studied, but most of them have to rely on strong assumptions on the noise models. To alleviate this issue, we introduce confidence-scored instance-dependent noise (CSIDN), where each instance-label pair is equipped with a confidence score. We find with the help of confidence scores, the transition distribution of each instance can be approximately estimated. Similarly to the powerful forward correction for instance-independent noise, we propose a novel instance-level forward correction for CSIDN. We demonstrate the utility and effectiveness of our method through multiple experiments under synthetic label noise and real-world unknown noise.	Confidence Scores Make Instance-dependent Label-noise Learning Possible  In learning with noisy labels, for every instance, its label can randomly walk to other classes following a transition distribution which is named a noise model. Well-studied noise models are all instance-independent, namely, the transition depends only on the original label but not the instance itself, and thus they are less practical in the wild. Fortunately, methods based on instance-dependent noise have been studied, but most of them have to rely on strong assumptions on the noise models. To alleviate this issue, we introduce confidence-scored instance-dependent noise (CSIDN), where each instance-label pair is equipped with a confidence score. We find with the help of confidence scores, the transition distribution of each instance can be approximately estimated. Similarly to the powerful forward correction for instance-independent noise, we propose a novel instance-level forward correction for CSIDN. We demonstrate the utility and effectiveness of our method through multiple experiments under synthetic label noise and real-world unknown noise.	382
In laymans terms, what is batch normalisation, what does it do, and why does it work so well?	Norm matters: efficient and accurate normalization schemes in deep   networks  Over the past few years, Batch-Normalization has been commonly used in deep networks, allowing faster training and high performance for a wide variety of applications. However, the reasons behind its merits remained unanswered, with several shortcomings that hindered its use for certain tasks. In this work, we present a novel view on the purpose and function of normalization methods and weight-decay, as tools to decouple weights' norm from the underlying optimized objective. This property highlights the connection between practices such as normalization, weight decay and learning-rate adjustments. We suggest several alternatives to the widely used $L^2$ batch-norm, using normalization in $L^1$ and $L^\infty$ spaces that can substantially improve numerical stability in low-precision implementations as well as provide computational and memory benefits. We demonstrate that such methods enable the first batch-norm alternative to work for half-precision implementations. Finally, we suggest a modification to weight-normalization, which improves its performance on large-scale tasks.	Norm matters: efficient and accurate normalization schemes in deep   networks  Over the past few years, Batch-Normalization has been commonly used in deep networks, allowing faster training and high performance for a wide variety of applications. However, the reasons behind its merits remained unanswered, with several shortcomings that hindered its use for certain tasks. In this work, we present a novel view on the purpose and function of normalization methods and weight-decay, as tools to decouple weights' norm from the underlying optimized objective. This property highlights the connection between practices such as normalization, weight decay and learning-rate adjustments. We suggest several alternatives to the widely used $L^2$ batch-norm, using normalization in $L^1$ and $L^\infty$ spaces that can substantially improve numerical stability in low-precision implementations as well as provide computational and memory benefits. We demonstrate that such methods enable the first batch-norm alternative to work for half-precision implementations. Finally, we suggest a modification to weight-normalization, which improves its performance on large-scale tasks.	363
In laymans terms, what is batch normalisation, what does it do, and why does it work so well?	Instance-Level Meta Normalization  This paper presents a normalization mechanism called Instance-Level Meta Normalization (ILM~Norm) to address a learning-to-normalize problem. ILM~Norm learns to predict the normalization parameters via both the feature feed-forward and the gradient back-propagation paths. ILM~Norm provides a meta normalization mechanism and has several good properties. It can be easily plugged into existing instance-level normalization schemes such as Instance Normalization, Layer Normalization, or Group Normalization. ILM~Norm normalizes each instance individually and therefore maintains high performance even when small mini-batch is used. The experimental results show that ILM~Norm well adapts to different network architectures and tasks, and it consistently improves the performance of the original models. The code is available at url{https://github.com/Gasoonjia/ILM-Norm.	Instance-Level Meta Normalization  This paper presents a normalization mechanism called Instance-Level Meta Normalization (ILM~Norm) to address a learning-to-normalize problem. ILM~Norm learns to predict the normalization parameters via both the feature feed-forward and the gradient back-propagation paths. ILM~Norm provides a meta normalization mechanism and has several good properties. It can be easily plugged into existing instance-level normalization schemes such as Instance Normalization, Layer Normalization, or Group Normalization. ILM~Norm normalizes each instance individually and therefore maintains high performance even when small mini-batch is used. The experimental results show that ILM~Norm well adapts to different network architectures and tasks, and it consistently improves the performance of the original models. The code is available at url{https://github.com/Gasoonjia/ILM-Norm.	381
Does using Batch Normalization reduce the capacity of a deep neural network?	Big Neural Networks Waste Capacity  This article exposes the failure of some big neural networks to leverage added capacity to reduce underfitting. Past research suggest diminishing returns when increasing the size of neural networks. Our experiments on ImageNet LSVRC-2010 show that this may be due to the fact there are highly diminishing returns for capacity in terms of training error, leading to underfitting. This suggests that the optimization method - first order gradient descent - fails at this regime. Directly attacking this problem, either through the optimization method or the choices of parametrization, may allow to improve the generalization error on large datasets, for which a large capacity is required.	Big Neural Networks Waste Capacity  This article exposes the failure of some big neural networks to leverage added capacity to reduce underfitting. Past research suggest diminishing returns when increasing the size of neural networks. Our experiments on ImageNet LSVRC-2010 show that this may be due to the fact there are highly diminishing returns for capacity in terms of training error, leading to underfitting. This suggests that the optimization method - first order gradient descent - fails at this regime. Directly attacking this problem, either through the optimization method or the choices of parametrization, may allow to improve the generalization error on large datasets, for which a large capacity is required.	341
Does using Batch Normalization reduce the capacity of a deep neural network?	Capacity allocation through neural network layers  Capacity analysis has been recently introduced as a way to analyze how linear models distribute their modelling capacity across the input space. In this paper, we extend the notion of capacity allocation to the case of neural networks with non-linear layers. We show that under some hypotheses the problem is equivalent to linear capacity allocation, within some extended input space that factors in the non-linearities. We introduce the notion of layer decoupling, which quantifies the degree to which a non-linear activation decouples its outputs, and show that it plays a central role in capacity allocation through layers. In the highly non-linear limit where decoupling is total, we show that the propagation of capacity throughout the layers follows a simple markovian rule, which turns into a diffusion PDE in the limit of deep networks with residual layers. This allows us to recover some known results about deep neural networks, such as the size of the effective receptive field, or why ResNets avoid the shattering problem.	Capacity allocation through neural network layers  Capacity analysis has been recently introduced as a way to analyze how linear models distribute their modelling capacity across the input space. In this paper, we extend the notion of capacity allocation to the case of neural networks with non-linear layers. We show that under some hypotheses the problem is equivalent to linear capacity allocation, within some extended input space that factors in the non-linearities. We introduce the notion of layer decoupling, which quantifies the degree to which a non-linear activation decouples its outputs, and show that it plays a central role in capacity allocation through layers. In the highly non-linear limit where decoupling is total, we show that the propagation of capacity throughout the layers follows a simple markovian rule, which turns into a diffusion PDE in the limit of deep networks with residual layers. This allows us to recover some known results about deep neural networks, such as the size of the effective receptive field, or why ResNets avoid the shattering problem.	342
Does using Batch Normalization reduce the capacity of a deep neural network?	Critical initialisation for deep signal propagation in noisy rectifier   neural networks  Stochastic regularisation is an important weapon in the arsenal of a deep learning practitioner. However, despite recent theoretical advances, our understanding of how noise influences signal propagation in deep neural networks remains limited. By extending recent work based on mean field theory, we develop a new framework for signal propagation in stochastic regularised neural networks. Our noisy signal propagation theory can incorporate several common noise distributions, including additive and multiplicative Gaussian noise as well as dropout. We use this framework to investigate initialisation strategies for noisy ReLU networks. We show that no critical initialisation strategy exists using additive noise, with signal propagation exploding regardless of the selected noise distribution. For multiplicative noise (e.g. dropout), we identify alternative critical initialisation strategies that depend on the second moment of the noise distribution. Simulations and experiments on real-world data confirm that our proposed initialisation is able to stably propagate signals in deep networks, while using an initialisation disregarding noise fails to do so. Furthermore, we analyse correlation dynamics between inputs. Stronger noise regularisation is shown to reduce the depth to which discriminatory information about the inputs to a noisy ReLU network is able to propagate, even when initialised at criticality. We support our theoretical predictions for these trainable depths with simulations, as well as with experiments on MNIST and CIFAR-10	Critical initialisation for deep signal propagation in noisy rectifier   neural networks  Stochastic regularisation is an important weapon in the arsenal of a deep learning practitioner. However, despite recent theoretical advances, our understanding of how noise influences signal propagation in deep neural networks remains limited. By extending recent work based on mean field theory, we develop a new framework for signal propagation in stochastic regularised neural networks. Our noisy signal propagation theory can incorporate several common noise distributions, including additive and multiplicative Gaussian noise as well as dropout. We use this framework to investigate initialisation strategies for noisy ReLU networks. We show that no critical initialisation strategy exists using additive noise, with signal propagation exploding regardless of the selected noise distribution. For multiplicative noise (e.g. dropout), we identify alternative critical initialisation strategies that depend on the second moment of the noise distribution. Simulations and experiments on real-world data confirm that our proposed initialisation is able to stably propagate signals in deep networks, while using an initialisation disregarding noise fails to do so. Furthermore, we analyse correlation dynamics between inputs. Stronger noise regularisation is shown to reduce the depth to which discriminatory information about the inputs to a noisy ReLU network is able to propagate, even when initialised at criticality. We support our theoretical predictions for these trainable depths with simulations, as well as with experiments on MNIST and CIFAR-10	337
Does using Batch Normalization reduce the capacity of a deep neural network?	Removing the Feature Correlation Effect of Multiplicative Noise  Multiplicative noise, including dropout, is widely used to regularize deep neural networks (DNNs), and is shown to be effective in a wide range of architectures and tasks. From an information perspective, we consider injecting multiplicative noise into a DNN as training the network to solve the task with noisy information pathways, which leads to the observation that multiplicative noise tends to increase the correlation between features, so as to increase the signal-to-noise ratio of information pathways. However, high feature correlation is undesirable, as it increases redundancy in representations. In this work, we propose non-correlating multiplicative noise (NCMN), which exploits batch normalization to remove the correlation effect in a simple yet effective way. We show that NCMN significantly improves the performance of standard multiplicative noise on image classification tasks, providing a better alternative to dropout for batch-normalized networks. Additionally, we present a unified view of NCMN and shake-shake regularization, which explains the performance gain of the latter.	Removing the Feature Correlation Effect of Multiplicative Noise  Multiplicative noise, including dropout, is widely used to regularize deep neural networks (DNNs), and is shown to be effective in a wide range of architectures and tasks. From an information perspective, we consider injecting multiplicative noise into a DNN as training the network to solve the task with noisy information pathways, which leads to the observation that multiplicative noise tends to increase the correlation between features, so as to increase the signal-to-noise ratio of information pathways. However, high feature correlation is undesirable, as it increases redundancy in representations. In this work, we propose non-correlating multiplicative noise (NCMN), which exploits batch normalization to remove the correlation effect in a simple yet effective way. We show that NCMN significantly improves the performance of standard multiplicative noise on image classification tasks, providing a better alternative to dropout for batch-normalized networks. Additionally, we present a unified view of NCMN and shake-shake regularization, which explains the performance gain of the latter.	338
Does using Batch Normalization reduce the capacity of a deep neural network?	Scaling up deep neural networks: a capacity allocation perspective  Following the recent work on capacity allocation, we formulate the conjecture that the shattering problem in deep neural networks can only be avoided if the capacity propagation through layers has a non-degenerate continuous limit when the number of layers tends to infinity. This allows us to study a number of commonly used architectures and determine which scaling relations should be enforced in practice as the number of layers grows large. In particular, we recover the conditions of Xavier initialization in the multi-channel case, and we find that weights and biases should be scaled down as the inverse square root of the number of layers for deep residual networks and as the inverse square root of the desired memory length for recurrent networks.	Scaling up deep neural networks: a capacity allocation perspective  Following the recent work on capacity allocation, we formulate the conjecture that the shattering problem in deep neural networks can only be avoided if the capacity propagation through layers has a non-degenerate continuous limit when the number of layers tends to infinity. This allows us to study a number of commonly used architectures and determine which scaling relations should be enforced in practice as the number of layers grows large. In particular, we recover the conditions of Xavier initialization in the multi-channel case, and we find that weights and biases should be scaled down as the inverse square root of the number of layers for deep residual networks and as the inverse square root of the desired memory length for recurrent networks.	333
What is an intuitive explanation of Deep Residual Networks?	ANS: Adaptive Network Scaling for Deep Rectifier Reinforcement Learning   Models  This work provides a thorough study on how reward scaling can affect performance of deep reinforcement learning agents. In particular, we would like to answer the question that how does reward scaling affect non-saturating ReLU networks in RL? This question matters because ReLU is one of the most effective activation functions for deep learning models. We also propose an Adaptive Network Scaling framework to find a suitable scale of the rewards during learning for better performance. We conducted empirical studies to justify the solution.	ANS: Adaptive Network Scaling for Deep Rectifier Reinforcement Learning   Models  This work provides a thorough study on how reward scaling can affect performance of deep reinforcement learning agents. In particular, we would like to answer the question that how does reward scaling affect non-saturating ReLU networks in RL? This question matters because ReLU is one of the most effective activation functions for deep learning models. We also propose an Adaptive Network Scaling framework to find a suitable scale of the rewards during learning for better performance. We conducted empirical studies to justify the solution.	330
What is an intuitive explanation of Deep Residual Networks?	Generalization Error in Deep Learning  Deep learning models have lately shown great performance in various fields such as computer vision, speech recognition, speech translation, and natural language processing. However, alongside their state-of-the-art performance, it is still generally unclear what is the source of their generalization ability. Thus, an important question is what makes deep neural networks able to generalize well from the training set to new data. In this article, we provide an overview of the existing theory and bounds for the characterization of the generalization error of deep neural networks, combining both classical and more recent theoretical and empirical results.	Generalization Error in Deep Learning  Deep learning models have lately shown great performance in various fields such as computer vision, speech recognition, speech translation, and natural language processing. However, alongside their state-of-the-art performance, it is still generally unclear what is the source of their generalization ability. Thus, an important question is what makes deep neural networks able to generalize well from the training set to new data. In this article, we provide an overview of the existing theory and bounds for the characterization of the generalization error of deep neural networks, combining both classical and more recent theoretical and empirical results.	321
What is an intuitive explanation of Deep Residual Networks?	Deep Residual Networks and Weight Initialization  Residual Network (ResNet) is the state-of-the-art architecture that realizes successful training of really deep neural network. It is also known that good weight initialization of neural network avoids problem of vanishing/exploding gradients. In this paper, simplified models of ResNets are analyzed. We argue that goodness of ResNet is correlated with the fact that ResNets are relatively insensitive to choice of initial weights. We also demonstrate how batch normalization improves backpropagation of deep ResNets without tuning initial values of weights.	Deep Residual Networks and Weight Initialization  Residual Network (ResNet) is the state-of-the-art architecture that realizes successful training of really deep neural network. It is also known that good weight initialization of neural network avoids problem of vanishing/exploding gradients. In this paper, simplified models of ResNets are analyzed. We argue that goodness of ResNet is correlated with the fact that ResNets are relatively insensitive to choice of initial weights. We also demonstrate how batch normalization improves backpropagation of deep ResNets without tuning initial values of weights.	335
What is an intuitive explanation of Deep Residual Networks?	Deep Learning for Whole Slide Image Analysis: An Overview  The widespread adoption of whole slide imaging has increased the demand for effective and efficient gigapixel image analysis. Deep learning is at the forefront of computer vision, showcasing significant improvements over previous methodologies on visual understanding. However, whole slide images have billions of pixels and suffer from high morphological heterogeneity as well as from different types of artefacts. Collectively, these impede the conventional use of deep learning. For the clinical translation of deep learning solutions to become a reality, these challenges need to be addressed. In this paper, we review work on the interdisciplinary attempt of training deep neural networks using whole slide images, and highlight the different ideas underlying these methodologies.	Deep Learning for Whole Slide Image Analysis: An Overview  The widespread adoption of whole slide imaging has increased the demand for effective and efficient gigapixel image analysis. Deep learning is at the forefront of computer vision, showcasing significant improvements over previous methodologies on visual understanding. However, whole slide images have billions of pixels and suffer from high morphological heterogeneity as well as from different types of artefacts. Collectively, these impede the conventional use of deep learning. For the clinical translation of deep learning solutions to become a reality, these challenges need to be addressed. In this paper, we review work on the interdisciplinary attempt of training deep neural networks using whole slide images, and highlight the different ideas underlying these methodologies.	355
What is an intuitive explanation of Deep Residual Networks?	Deep Signal Recovery with One-Bit Quantization  Machine learning, and more specifically deep learning, have shown remarkable performance in sensing, communications, and inference. In this paper, we consider the application of the deep unfolding technique in the problem of signal reconstruction from its one-bit noisy measurements. Namely, we propose a model-based machine learning method and unfold the iterations of an inference optimization algorithm into the layers of a deep neural network for one-bit signal recovery. The resulting network, which we refer to as DeepRec, can efficiently handle the recovery of high-dimensional signals from acquired one-bit noisy measurements. The proposed method results in an improvement in accuracy and computational efficiency with respect to the original framework as shown through numerical analysis.	Deep Signal Recovery with One-Bit Quantization  Machine learning, and more specifically deep learning, have shown remarkable performance in sensing, communications, and inference. In this paper, we consider the application of the deep unfolding technique in the problem of signal reconstruction from its one-bit noisy measurements. Namely, we propose a model-based machine learning method and unfold the iterations of an inference optimization algorithm into the layers of a deep neural network for one-bit signal recovery. The resulting network, which we refer to as DeepRec, can efficiently handle the recovery of high-dimensional signals from acquired one-bit noisy measurements. The proposed method results in an improvement in accuracy and computational efficiency with respect to the original framework as shown through numerical analysis.	346
Is fine tuning a pre-trained model equivalent to transfer learning?	Renofeation: A Simple Transfer Learning Method for Improved Adversarial   Robustness  Fine-tuning through knowledge transfer from a pre-trained model on a large-scale dataset is a widely spread approach to effectively build models on small-scale datasets. In this work, we show that a recent adversarial attack designed for transfer learning via re-training the last linear layer can successfully deceive models trained with transfer learning via end-to-end fine-tuning. This raises security concerns for many industrial applications. In contrast, models trained with random initialization without transfer are much more robust to such attacks, although these models often exhibit much lower accuracy. To this end, we propose noisy feature distillation, a new transfer learning method that trains a network from random initialization while achieving clean-data performance competitive with fine-tuning. Code available at https://github.com/cmu-enyac/Renofeation.	Renofeation: A Simple Transfer Learning Method for Improved Adversarial   Robustness  Fine-tuning through knowledge transfer from a pre-trained model on a large-scale dataset is a widely spread approach to effectively build models on small-scale datasets. In this work, we show that a recent adversarial attack designed for transfer learning via re-training the last linear layer can successfully deceive models trained with transfer learning via end-to-end fine-tuning. This raises security concerns for many industrial applications. In contrast, models trained with random initialization without transfer are much more robust to such attacks, although these models often exhibit much lower accuracy. To this end, we propose noisy feature distillation, a new transfer learning method that trains a network from random initialization while achieving clean-data performance competitive with fine-tuning. Code available at https://github.com/cmu-enyac/Renofeation.	316
Is fine tuning a pre-trained model equivalent to transfer learning?	Learning Probabilistic Programs Using Backpropagation  Probabilistic modeling enables combining domain knowledge with learning from data, thereby supporting learning from fewer training instances than purely data-driven methods. However, learning probabilistic models is difficult and has not achieved the level of performance of methods such as deep neural networks on many tasks. In this paper, we attempt to address this issue by presenting a method for learning the parameters of a probabilistic program using backpropagation. Our approach opens the possibility to building deep probabilistic programming models that are trained in a similar way to neural networks.	Learning Probabilistic Programs Using Backpropagation  Probabilistic modeling enables combining domain knowledge with learning from data, thereby supporting learning from fewer training instances than purely data-driven methods. However, learning probabilistic models is difficult and has not achieved the level of performance of methods such as deep neural networks on many tasks. In this paper, we attempt to address this issue by presenting a method for learning the parameters of a probabilistic program using backpropagation. Our approach opens the possibility to building deep probabilistic programming models that are trained in a similar way to neural networks.	342
Is fine tuning a pre-trained model equivalent to transfer learning?	Transflow Learning: Repurposing Flow Models Without Retraining  It is well known that deep generative models have a rich latent space, and that it is possible to smoothly manipulate their outputs by traversing this latent space. Recently, architectures have emerged that allow for more complex manipulations, such as making an image look as though it were from a different class, or painted in a certain style. These methods typically require large amounts of training in order to learn a single class of manipulations. We present Transflow Learning, a method for transforming a pre-trained generative model so that its outputs more closely resemble data that we provide afterwards. In contrast to previous methods, Transflow Learning does not require any training at all, and instead warps the probability distribution from which we sample latent vectors using Bayesian inference. Transflow Learning can be used to solve a wide variety of tasks, such as neural style transfer and few-shot classification.	Transflow Learning: Repurposing Flow Models Without Retraining  It is well known that deep generative models have a rich latent space, and that it is possible to smoothly manipulate their outputs by traversing this latent space. Recently, architectures have emerged that allow for more complex manipulations, such as making an image look as though it were from a different class, or painted in a certain style. These methods typically require large amounts of training in order to learn a single class of manipulations. We present Transflow Learning, a method for transforming a pre-trained generative model so that its outputs more closely resemble data that we provide afterwards. In contrast to previous methods, Transflow Learning does not require any training at all, and instead warps the probability distribution from which we sample latent vectors using Bayesian inference. Transflow Learning can be used to solve a wide variety of tasks, such as neural style transfer and few-shot classification.	340
Is fine tuning a pre-trained model equivalent to transfer learning?	Sequential Transfer in Multi-armed Bandit with Finite Set of Models  Learning from prior tasks and transferring that experience to improve future performance is critical for building lifelong learning agents. Although results in supervised and reinforcement learning show that transfer may significantly improve the learning performance, most of the literature on transfer is focused on batch learning tasks. In this paper we study the problem of \textit{sequential transfer in online learning}, notably in the multi-armed bandit framework, where the objective is to minimize the cumulative regret over a sequence of tasks by incrementally transferring knowledge from prior tasks. We introduce a novel bandit algorithm based on a method-of-moments approach for the estimation of the possible tasks and derive regret bounds for it.	Sequential Transfer in Multi-armed Bandit with Finite Set of Models  Learning from prior tasks and transferring that experience to improve future performance is critical for building lifelong learning agents. Although results in supervised and reinforcement learning show that transfer may significantly improve the learning performance, most of the literature on transfer is focused on batch learning tasks. In this paper we study the problem of \textit{sequential transfer in online learning}, notably in the multi-armed bandit framework, where the objective is to minimize the cumulative regret over a sequence of tasks by incrementally transferring knowledge from prior tasks. We introduce a novel bandit algorithm based on a method-of-moments approach for the estimation of the possible tasks and derive regret bounds for it.	336
Is fine tuning a pre-trained model equivalent to transfer learning?	Successor Features Combine Elements of Model-Free and Model-based   Reinforcement Learning  A key question in reinforcement learning is how an intelligent agent can generalize knowledge across different inputs. By generalizing across different inputs, information learned for one input can be immediately reused for improving predictions for another input. Reusing information allows an agent to compute an optimal decision-making strategy using less data. State representation is a key element of the generalization process, compressing a high-dimensional input space into a low-dimensional latent state space. This article analyzes properties of different latent state spaces, leading to new connections between model-based and model-free reinforcement learning. Successor features, which predict frequencies of future observations, form a link between model-based and model-free learning: Learning to predict future expected reward outcomes, a key characteristic of model-based agents, is equivalent to learning successor features. Learning successor features is a form of temporal difference learning and is equivalent to learning to predict a single policy's utility, which is a characteristic of model-free agents. Drawing on the connection between model-based reinforcement learning and successor features, we demonstrate that representations that are predictive of future reward outcomes generalize across variations in both transitions and rewards. This result extends previous work on successor features, which is constrained to fixed transitions and assumes re-learning of the transferred state representation.	Successor Features Combine Elements of Model-Free and Model-based   Reinforcement Learning  A key question in reinforcement learning is how an intelligent agent can generalize knowledge across different inputs. By generalizing across different inputs, information learned for one input can be immediately reused for improving predictions for another input. Reusing information allows an agent to compute an optimal decision-making strategy using less data. State representation is a key element of the generalization process, compressing a high-dimensional input space into a low-dimensional latent state space. This article analyzes properties of different latent state spaces, leading to new connections between model-based and model-free reinforcement learning. Successor features, which predict frequencies of future observations, form a link between model-based and model-free learning: Learning to predict future expected reward outcomes, a key characteristic of model-based agents, is equivalent to learning successor features. Learning successor features is a form of temporal difference learning and is equivalent to learning to predict a single policy's utility, which is a characteristic of model-free agents. Drawing on the connection between model-based reinforcement learning and successor features, we demonstrate that representations that are predictive of future reward outcomes generalize across variations in both transitions and rewards. This result extends previous work on successor features, which is constrained to fixed transitions and assumes re-learning of the transferred state representation.	334
What would be a practical use case for Generative models?	Knowledge-Based Regularization in Generative Modeling  Prior domain knowledge can greatly help to learn generative models. However, it is often too costly to hard-code prior knowledge as a specific model architecture, so we often have to use general-purpose models. In this paper, we propose a method to incorporate prior knowledge of feature relations into the learning of general-purpose generative models. To this end, we formulate a regularizer that makes the marginals of a generative model to follow prescribed relative dependence of features. It can be incorporated into off-the-shelf learning methods of many generative models, including variational autoencoders and generative adversarial networks, as its gradients can be computed using standard backpropagation techniques. We show the effectiveness of the proposed method with experiments on multiple types of datasets and generative models.	Knowledge-Based Regularization in Generative Modeling  Prior domain knowledge can greatly help to learn generative models. However, it is often too costly to hard-code prior knowledge as a specific model architecture, so we often have to use general-purpose models. In this paper, we propose a method to incorporate prior knowledge of feature relations into the learning of general-purpose generative models. To this end, we formulate a regularizer that makes the marginals of a generative model to follow prescribed relative dependence of features. It can be incorporated into off-the-shelf learning methods of many generative models, including variational autoencoders and generative adversarial networks, as its gradients can be computed using standard backpropagation techniques. We show the effectiveness of the proposed method with experiments on multiple types of datasets and generative models.	332
What would be a practical use case for Generative models?	Learning Dynamical Demand Response Model in Real-Time Pricing Program  Price responsiveness is a major feature of end use customers (EUCs) that participate in demand response (DR) programs, and has been conventionally modeled with static demand functions, which take the electricity price as the input and the aggregate energy consumption as the output. This, however, neglects the inherent temporal correlation of the EUC behaviors, and may result in large errors when predicting the actual responses of EUCs in real-time pricing (RTP) programs. In this paper, we propose a dynamical DR model so as to capture the temporal behavior of the EUCs. The states in the proposed dynamical DR model can be explicitly chosen, in which case the model can be represented by a linear function or a multi-layer feedforward neural network, or implicitly chosen, in which case the model can be represented by a recurrent neural network or a long short-term memory unit network. In both cases, the dynamical DR model can be learned from historical price and energy consumption data. Numerical simulation illustrated how the states are chosen and also showed the proposed dynamical DR model significantly outperforms the static ones.	Learning Dynamical Demand Response Model in Real-Time Pricing Program  Price responsiveness is a major feature of end use customers (EUCs) that participate in demand response (DR) programs, and has been conventionally modeled with static demand functions, which take the electricity price as the input and the aggregate energy consumption as the output. This, however, neglects the inherent temporal correlation of the EUC behaviors, and may result in large errors when predicting the actual responses of EUCs in real-time pricing (RTP) programs. In this paper, we propose a dynamical DR model so as to capture the temporal behavior of the EUCs. The states in the proposed dynamical DR model can be explicitly chosen, in which case the model can be represented by a linear function or a multi-layer feedforward neural network, or implicitly chosen, in which case the model can be represented by a recurrent neural network or a long short-term memory unit network. In both cases, the dynamical DR model can be learned from historical price and energy consumption data. Numerical simulation illustrated how the states are chosen and also showed the proposed dynamical DR model significantly outperforms the static ones.	336
What would be a practical use case for Generative models?	On The Stability of Interpretable Models  Interpretable classification models are built with the purpose of providing a comprehensible description of the decision logic to an external oversight agent. When considered in isolation, a decision tree, a set of classification rules, or a linear model, are widely recognized as human-interpretable. However, such models are generated as part of a larger analytical process. Bias in data collection and preparation, or in model's construction may severely affect the accountability of the design process. We conduct an experimental study of the stability of interpretable models with respect to feature selection, instance selection, and model selection. Our conclusions should raise awareness and attention of the scientific community on the need of a stability impact assessment of interpretable models.	On The Stability of Interpretable Models  Interpretable classification models are built with the purpose of providing a comprehensible description of the decision logic to an external oversight agent. When considered in isolation, a decision tree, a set of classification rules, or a linear model, are widely recognized as human-interpretable. However, such models are generated as part of a larger analytical process. Bias in data collection and preparation, or in model's construction may severely affect the accountability of the design process. We conduct an experimental study of the stability of interpretable models with respect to feature selection, instance selection, and model selection. Our conclusions should raise awareness and attention of the scientific community on the need of a stability impact assessment of interpretable models.	333
What would be a practical use case for Generative models?	Universality Theorems for Generative Models  Despite the fact that generative models are extremely successful in practice, the theory underlying this phenomenon is only starting to catch up with practice. In this work we address the question of the universality of generative models: is it true that neural networks can approximate any data manifold arbitrarily well? We provide a positive answer to this question and show that under mild assumptions on the activation function one can always find a feedforward neural network that maps the latent space onto a set located within the specified Hausdorff distance from the desired data manifold. We also prove similar theorems for the case of multiclass generative models and cycle generative models, trained to map samples from one manifold to another and vice versa.	Universality Theorems for Generative Models  Despite the fact that generative models are extremely successful in practice, the theory underlying this phenomenon is only starting to catch up with practice. In this work we address the question of the universality of generative models: is it true that neural networks can approximate any data manifold arbitrarily well? We provide a positive answer to this question and show that under mild assumptions on the activation function one can always find a feedforward neural network that maps the latent space onto a set located within the specified Hausdorff distance from the desired data manifold. We also prove similar theorems for the case of multiclass generative models and cycle generative models, trained to map samples from one manifold to another and vice versa.	333
What would be a practical use case for Generative models?	Explore or exploit? A generic model and an exactly solvable case  Finding a good compromise between the exploitation of known resources and the exploration of unknown, but potentially more profitable choices, is a general problem, which arises in many different scientific disciplines. We propose a stylized model for these exploration-exploitation situations, including population or economic growth, portfolio optimisation, evolutionary dynamics, or the problem of optimal pinning of vortices or dislocations in disordered materials. We find the exact growth rate of this model for tree-like geometries and prove the existence of an optimal migration rate in this case. Numerical simulations in the one-dimensional case confirm the generic existence of an optimum.	Explore or exploit? A generic model and an exactly solvable case  Finding a good compromise between the exploitation of known resources and the exploration of unknown, but potentially more profitable choices, is a general problem, which arises in many different scientific disciplines. We propose a stylized model for these exploration-exploitation situations, including population or economic growth, portfolio optimisation, evolutionary dynamics, or the problem of optimal pinning of vortices or dislocations in disordered materials. We find the exact growth rate of this model for tree-like geometries and prove the existence of an optimal migration rate in this case. Numerical simulations in the one-dimensional case confirm the generic existence of an optimum.	339
Is cross-validation heavily used in Deep Learning or is it too expensive to be used?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	273
Is cross-validation heavily used in Deep Learning or is it too expensive to be used?	Deep Learning for Cognitive Neuroscience  Neural network models can now recognise images, understand text, translate languages, and play many human games at human or superhuman levels. These systems are highly abstracted, but are inspired by biological brains and use only biologically plausible computations. In the coming years, neural networks are likely to become less reliant on learning from massive labelled datasets, and more robust and generalisable in their task performance. From their successes and failures, we can learn about the computational requirements of the different tasks at which brains excel. Deep learning also provides the tools for testing cognitive theories. In order to test a theory, we need to realise the proposed information-processing system at scale, so as to be able to assess its feasibility and emergent behaviours. Deep learning allows us to scale up from principles and circuit models to end-to-end trainable models capable of performing complex tasks. There are many levels at which cognitive neuroscientists can use deep learning in their work, from inspiring theories to serving as full computational models. Ongoing advances in deep learning bring us closer to understanding how cognition and perception may be implemented in the brain -- the grand challenge at the core of cognitive neuroscience.	Deep Learning for Cognitive Neuroscience  Neural network models can now recognise images, understand text, translate languages, and play many human games at human or superhuman levels. These systems are highly abstracted, but are inspired by biological brains and use only biologically plausible computations. In the coming years, neural networks are likely to become less reliant on learning from massive labelled datasets, and more robust and generalisable in their task performance. From their successes and failures, we can learn about the computational requirements of the different tasks at which brains excel. Deep learning also provides the tools for testing cognitive theories. In order to test a theory, we need to realise the proposed information-processing system at scale, so as to be able to assess its feasibility and emergent behaviours. Deep learning allows us to scale up from principles and circuit models to end-to-end trainable models capable of performing complex tasks. There are many levels at which cognitive neuroscientists can use deep learning in their work, from inspiring theories to serving as full computational models. Ongoing advances in deep learning bring us closer to understanding how cognition and perception may be implemented in the brain -- the grand challenge at the core of cognitive neuroscience.	269
Is cross-validation heavily used in Deep Learning or is it too expensive to be used?	Adaptivity of deep ReLU network for learning in Besov and mixed smooth   Besov spaces: optimal rate and curse of dimensionality  Deep learning has shown high performances in various types of tasks from visual recognition to natural language processing, which indicates superior flexibility and adaptivity of deep learning. To understand this phenomenon theoretically, we develop a new approximation and estimation error analysis of deep learning with the ReLU activation for functions in a Besov space and its variant with mixed smoothness. The Besov space is a considerably general function space including the Holder space and Sobolev space, and especially can capture spatial inhomogeneity of smoothness. Through the analysis in the Besov space, it is shown that deep learning can achieve the minimax optimal rate and outperform any non-adaptive (linear) estimator such as kernel ridge regression, which shows that deep learning has higher adaptivity to the spatial inhomogeneity of the target function than other estimators such as linear ones. In addition to this, it is shown that deep learning can avoid the curse of dimensionality if the target function is in a mixed smooth Besov space. We also show that the dependency of the convergence rate on the dimensionality is tight due to its minimax optimality. These results support high adaptivity of deep learning and its superior ability as a feature extractor.	Adaptivity of deep ReLU network for learning in Besov and mixed smooth   Besov spaces: optimal rate and curse of dimensionality  Deep learning has shown high performances in various types of tasks from visual recognition to natural language processing, which indicates superior flexibility and adaptivity of deep learning. To understand this phenomenon theoretically, we develop a new approximation and estimation error analysis of deep learning with the ReLU activation for functions in a Besov space and its variant with mixed smoothness. The Besov space is a considerably general function space including the Holder space and Sobolev space, and especially can capture spatial inhomogeneity of smoothness. Through the analysis in the Besov space, it is shown that deep learning can achieve the minimax optimal rate and outperform any non-adaptive (linear) estimator such as kernel ridge regression, which shows that deep learning has higher adaptivity to the spatial inhomogeneity of the target function than other estimators such as linear ones. In addition to this, it is shown that deep learning can avoid the curse of dimensionality if the target function is in a mixed smooth Besov space. We also show that the dependency of the convergence rate on the dimensionality is tight due to its minimax optimality. These results support high adaptivity of deep learning and its superior ability as a feature extractor.	264
Is cross-validation heavily used in Deep Learning or is it too expensive to be used?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	268
Is cross-validation heavily used in Deep Learning or is it too expensive to be used?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation. In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively. We conclude, based on the experiments, the coding criterion is successful in building program representations. To evaluate whether deep learning is beneficial for program analysis, we feed the representations to deep neural networks, and achieve higher accuracy in the program classification task than "shallow" methods, such as logistic regression and the support vector machine. This result confirms the feasibility of deep learning to analyze programs. It also gives primary evidence of its success in this new field. We believe deep learning will become an outstanding technique for program analysis in the near future.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation. In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively. We conclude, based on the experiments, the coding criterion is successful in building program representations. To evaluate whether deep learning is beneficial for program analysis, we feed the representations to deep neural networks, and achieve higher accuracy in the program classification task than "shallow" methods, such as logistic regression and the support vector machine. This result confirms the feasibility of deep learning to analyze programs. It also gives primary evidence of its success in this new field. We believe deep learning will become an outstanding technique for program analysis in the near future.	261
What is the importance of Deep Residual Networks?	On Study of the Binarized Deep Neural Network for Image Classification  Recently, the deep neural network (derived from the artificial neural network) has attracted many researchers' attention by its outstanding performance. However, since this network requires high-performance GPUs and large storage, it is very hard to use it on individual devices. In order to improve the deep neural network, many trials have been made by refining the network structure or training strategy. Unlike those trials, in this paper, we focused on the basic propagation function of the artificial neural network and proposed the binarized deep neural network. This network is a pure binary system, in which all the values and calculations are binarized. As a result, our network can save a lot of computational resource and storage. Therefore, it is possible to use it on various devices. Moreover, the experimental results proved the feasibility of the proposed network.	On Study of the Binarized Deep Neural Network for Image Classification  Recently, the deep neural network (derived from the artificial neural network) has attracted many researchers' attention by its outstanding performance. However, since this network requires high-performance GPUs and large storage, it is very hard to use it on individual devices. In order to improve the deep neural network, many trials have been made by refining the network structure or training strategy. Unlike those trials, in this paper, we focused on the basic propagation function of the artificial neural network and proposed the binarized deep neural network. This network is a pure binary system, in which all the values and calculations are binarized. As a result, our network can save a lot of computational resource and storage. Therefore, it is possible to use it on various devices. Moreover, the experimental results proved the feasibility of the proposed network.	429
What is the importance of Deep Residual Networks?	Information Theoretic Interpretation of Deep learning  We interpret part of the experimental results of Shwartz-Ziv and Tishby [2017]. Inspired by these results, we established a conjecture of the dynamics of the machinary of deep neural network. This conjecture can be used to explain the counterpart result by Saxe et al. [2018].	Information Theoretic Interpretation of Deep learning  We interpret part of the experimental results of Shwartz-Ziv and Tishby [2017]. Inspired by these results, we established a conjecture of the dynamics of the machinary of deep neural network. This conjecture can be used to explain the counterpart result by Saxe et al. [2018].	437
What is the importance of Deep Residual Networks?	Generalization Error in Deep Learning  Deep learning models have lately shown great performance in various fields such as computer vision, speech recognition, speech translation, and natural language processing. However, alongside their state-of-the-art performance, it is still generally unclear what is the source of their generalization ability. Thus, an important question is what makes deep neural networks able to generalize well from the training set to new data. In this article, we provide an overview of the existing theory and bounds for the characterization of the generalization error of deep neural networks, combining both classical and more recent theoretical and empirical results.	Generalization Error in Deep Learning  Deep learning models have lately shown great performance in various fields such as computer vision, speech recognition, speech translation, and natural language processing. However, alongside their state-of-the-art performance, it is still generally unclear what is the source of their generalization ability. Thus, an important question is what makes deep neural networks able to generalize well from the training set to new data. In this article, we provide an overview of the existing theory and bounds for the characterization of the generalization error of deep neural networks, combining both classical and more recent theoretical and empirical results.	431
What is the importance of Deep Residual Networks?	Deep Residual Networks and Weight Initialization  Residual Network (ResNet) is the state-of-the-art architecture that realizes successful training of really deep neural network. It is also known that good weight initialization of neural network avoids problem of vanishing/exploding gradients. In this paper, simplified models of ResNets are analyzed. We argue that goodness of ResNet is correlated with the fact that ResNets are relatively insensitive to choice of initial weights. We also demonstrate how batch normalization improves backpropagation of deep ResNets without tuning initial values of weights.	Deep Residual Networks and Weight Initialization  Residual Network (ResNet) is the state-of-the-art architecture that realizes successful training of really deep neural network. It is also known that good weight initialization of neural network avoids problem of vanishing/exploding gradients. In this paper, simplified models of ResNets are analyzed. We argue that goodness of ResNet is correlated with the fact that ResNets are relatively insensitive to choice of initial weights. We also demonstrate how batch normalization improves backpropagation of deep ResNets without tuning initial values of weights.	431
What is the importance of Deep Residual Networks?	Exploring Generalization in Deep Learning  With a goal of understanding what drives generalization in deep networks, we consider several recently suggested explanations, including norm-based control, sharpness and robustness. We study how these measures can ensure generalization, highlighting the importance of scale normalization, and making a connection between sharpness and PAC-Bayes theory. We then investigate how well the measures explain different observed phenomena.	Exploring Generalization in Deep Learning  With a goal of understanding what drives generalization in deep networks, we consider several recently suggested explanations, including norm-based control, sharpness and robustness. We study how these measures can ensure generalization, highlighting the importance of scale normalization, and making a connection between sharpness and PAC-Bayes theory. We then investigate how well the measures explain different observed phenomena.	429
Where is Sparsity important in Deep Learning?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	355
Where is Sparsity important in Deep Learning?	Deep Learning Based Computed Tomography Whys and Wherefores  This is an article about the Computed Tomography (CT) and how Deep Learning influences CT reconstruction pipeline, especially in low dose scenarios.	Deep Learning Based Computed Tomography Whys and Wherefores  This is an article about the Computed Tomography (CT) and how Deep Learning influences CT reconstruction pipeline, especially in low dose scenarios.	327
Where is Sparsity important in Deep Learning?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation. In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively. We conclude, based on the experiments, the coding criterion is successful in building program representations. To evaluate whether deep learning is beneficial for program analysis, we feed the representations to deep neural networks, and achieve higher accuracy in the program classification task than "shallow" methods, such as logistic regression and the support vector machine. This result confirms the feasibility of deep learning to analyze programs. It also gives primary evidence of its success in this new field. We believe deep learning will become an outstanding technique for program analysis in the near future.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation. In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively. We conclude, based on the experiments, the coding criterion is successful in building program representations. To evaluate whether deep learning is beneficial for program analysis, we feed the representations to deep neural networks, and achieve higher accuracy in the program classification task than "shallow" methods, such as logistic regression and the support vector machine. This result confirms the feasibility of deep learning to analyze programs. It also gives primary evidence of its success in this new field. We believe deep learning will become an outstanding technique for program analysis in the near future.	376
Where is Sparsity important in Deep Learning?	Opening the black box of deep learning  The great success of deep learning shows that its technology contains profound truth, and understanding its internal mechanism not only has important implications for the development of its technology and effective application in various fields, but also provides meaningful insights into the understanding of human brain mechanism. At present, most of the theoretical research on deep learning is based on mathematics. This dissertation proposes that the neural network of deep learning is a physical system, examines deep learning from three different perspectives: microscopic, macroscopic, and physical world views, answers multiple theoretical puzzles in deep learning by using physics principles. For example, from the perspective of quantum mechanics and statistical physics, this dissertation presents the calculation methods for convolution calculation, pooling, normalization, and Restricted Boltzmann Machine, as well as the selection of cost functions, explains why deep learning must be deep, what characteristics are learned in deep learning, why Convolutional Neural Networks do not have to be trained layer by layer, and the limitations of deep learning, etc., and proposes the theoretical direction and basis for the further development of deep learning now and in the future. The brilliance of physics flashes in deep learning, we try to establish the deep learning technology based on the scientific theory of physics.	Opening the black box of deep learning  The great success of deep learning shows that its technology contains profound truth, and understanding its internal mechanism not only has important implications for the development of its technology and effective application in various fields, but also provides meaningful insights into the understanding of human brain mechanism. At present, most of the theoretical research on deep learning is based on mathematics. This dissertation proposes that the neural network of deep learning is a physical system, examines deep learning from three different perspectives: microscopic, macroscopic, and physical world views, answers multiple theoretical puzzles in deep learning by using physics principles. For example, from the perspective of quantum mechanics and statistical physics, this dissertation presents the calculation methods for convolution calculation, pooling, normalization, and Restricted Boltzmann Machine, as well as the selection of cost functions, explains why deep learning must be deep, what characteristics are learned in deep learning, why Convolutional Neural Networks do not have to be trained layer by layer, and the limitations of deep learning, etc., and proposes the theoretical direction and basis for the further development of deep learning now and in the future. The brilliance of physics flashes in deep learning, we try to establish the deep learning technology based on the scientific theory of physics.	374
Where is Sparsity important in Deep Learning?	Deep learning in bioinformatics: introduction, application, and   perspective in big data era  Deep learning, which is especially formidable in handling big data, has achieved great success in various fields, including bioinformatics. With the advances of the big data era in biology, it is foreseeable that deep learning will become increasingly important in the field and will be incorporated in vast majorities of analysis pipelines. In this review, we provide both the exoteric introduction of deep learning, and concrete examples and implementations of its representative applications in bioinformatics. We start from the recent achievements of deep learning in the bioinformatics field, pointing out the problems which are suitable to use deep learning. After that, we introduce deep learning in an easy-to-understand fashion, from shallow neural networks to legendary convolutional neural networks, legendary recurrent neural networks, graph neural networks, generative adversarial networks, variational autoencoder, and the most recent state-of-the-art architectures. After that, we provide eight examples, covering five bioinformatics research directions and all the four kinds of data type, with the implementation written in Tensorflow and Keras. Finally, we discuss the common issues, such as overfitting and interpretability, that users will encounter when adopting deep learning methods and provide corresponding suggestions. The implementations are freely available at \url{https://github.com/lykaust15/Deep_learning_examples}.	Deep learning in bioinformatics: introduction, application, and   perspective in big data era  Deep learning, which is especially formidable in handling big data, has achieved great success in various fields, including bioinformatics. With the advances of the big data era in biology, it is foreseeable that deep learning will become increasingly important in the field and will be incorporated in vast majorities of analysis pipelines. In this review, we provide both the exoteric introduction of deep learning, and concrete examples and implementations of its representative applications in bioinformatics. We start from the recent achievements of deep learning in the bioinformatics field, pointing out the problems which are suitable to use deep learning. After that, we introduce deep learning in an easy-to-understand fashion, from shallow neural networks to legendary convolutional neural networks, legendary recurrent neural networks, graph neural networks, generative adversarial networks, variational autoencoder, and the most recent state-of-the-art architectures. After that, we provide eight examples, covering five bioinformatics research directions and all the four kinds of data type, with the implementation written in Tensorflow and Keras. Finally, we discuss the common issues, such as overfitting and interpretability, that users will encounter when adopting deep learning methods and provide corresponding suggestions. The implementations are freely available at \url{https://github.com/lykaust15/Deep_learning_examples}.	380
Why are Autoencoders considered a failure?	Autoencoding topology  The problem of learning a manifold structure on a dataset is framed in terms of a generative model, to which we use ideas behind autoencoders (namely adversarial/Wasserstein autoencoders) to fit deep neural networks. From a machine learning perspective, the resulting structure, an atlas of a manifold, may be viewed as a combination of dimensionality reduction and "fuzzy" clustering.	Autoencoding topology  The problem of learning a manifold structure on a dataset is framed in terms of a generative model, to which we use ideas behind autoencoders (namely adversarial/Wasserstein autoencoders) to fit deep neural networks. From a machine learning perspective, the resulting structure, an atlas of a manifold, may be viewed as a combination of dimensionality reduction and "fuzzy" clustering.	404
Why are Autoencoders considered a failure?	Proxy Fairness  We consider the problem of improving fairness when one lacks access to a dataset labeled with protected groups, making it difficult to take advantage of strategies that can improve fairness but require protected group labels, either at training or runtime. To address this, we investigate improving fairness metrics for proxy groups, and test whether doing so results in improved fairness for the true sensitive groups. Results on benchmark and real-world datasets demonstrate that such a proxy fairness strategy can work well in practice. However, we caution that the effectiveness likely depends on the choice of fairness metric, as well as how aligned the proxy groups are with the true protected groups in terms of the constrained model parameters.	Proxy Fairness  We consider the problem of improving fairness when one lacks access to a dataset labeled with protected groups, making it difficult to take advantage of strategies that can improve fairness but require protected group labels, either at training or runtime. To address this, we investigate improving fairness metrics for proxy groups, and test whether doing so results in improved fairness for the true sensitive groups. Results on benchmark and real-world datasets demonstrate that such a proxy fairness strategy can work well in practice. However, we caution that the effectiveness likely depends on the choice of fairness metric, as well as how aligned the proxy groups are with the true protected groups in terms of the constrained model parameters.	400
Why are Autoencoders considered a failure?	Towards Large Scale Training Of Autoencoders For Collaborative Filtering  In this paper, we apply a mini-batch based negative sampling method to efficiently train a latent factor autoencoder model on large scale and sparse data for implicit feedback collaborative filtering. We compare our work against a state-of-the-art baseline model on different experimental datasets and show that this method can lead to a good and fast approximation of the baseline model performance. The source code is available in https://github.com/amoussawi/recoder .	Towards Large Scale Training Of Autoencoders For Collaborative Filtering  In this paper, we apply a mini-batch based negative sampling method to efficiently train a latent factor autoencoder model on large scale and sparse data for implicit feedback collaborative filtering. We compare our work against a state-of-the-art baseline model on different experimental datasets and show that this method can lead to a good and fast approximation of the baseline model performance. The source code is available in https://github.com/amoussawi/recoder .	400
Why are Autoencoders considered a failure?	Towards a Metric for Automated Conversational Dialogue System Evaluation   and Improvement  We present "AutoJudge", an automated evaluation method for conversational dialogue systems. The method works by first generating dialogues based on self-talk, i.e. dialogue systems talking to itself. Then, it uses human ratings on these dialogues to train an automated judgement model. Our experiments show that AutoJudge correlates well with the human ratings and can be used to automatically evaluate dialogue systems, even in deployed systems. In a second part, we attempt to apply AutoJudge to improve existing systems. This works well for re-ranking a set of candidate utterances. However, our experiments show that AutoJudge cannot be applied as reward for reinforcement learning, although the metric can distinguish good from bad dialogues. We discuss potential reasons, but state here already that this is still an open question for further research.	Towards a Metric for Automated Conversational Dialogue System Evaluation   and Improvement  We present "AutoJudge", an automated evaluation method for conversational dialogue systems. The method works by first generating dialogues based on self-talk, i.e. dialogue systems talking to itself. Then, it uses human ratings on these dialogues to train an automated judgement model. Our experiments show that AutoJudge correlates well with the human ratings and can be used to automatically evaluate dialogue systems, even in deployed systems. In a second part, we attempt to apply AutoJudge to improve existing systems. This works well for re-ranking a set of candidate utterances. However, our experiments show that AutoJudge cannot be applied as reward for reinforcement learning, although the metric can distinguish good from bad dialogues. We discuss potential reasons, but state here already that this is still an open question for further research.	386
Why are Autoencoders considered a failure?	Rate-Distortion Classification for Self-Tuning IoT Networks  Many future wireless sensor networks and the Internet of Things are expected to follow a software defined paradigm, where protocol parameters and behaviors will be dynamically tuned as a function of the signal statistics. New protocols will be then injected as a software as certain events occur. For instance, new data compressors could be (re)programmed on-the-fly as the monitored signal type or its statistical properties change. We consider a lossy compression scenario, where the application tolerates some distortion of the gathered signal in return for improved energy efficiency. To reap the full benefits of this paradigm, we discuss an automatic sensor profiling approach where the signal class, and in particular the corresponding rate-distortion curve, is automatically assessed using machine learning tools (namely, support vector machines and neural networks). We show that this curve can be reliably estimated on-the-fly through the computation of a small number (from ten to twenty) of statistical features on time windows of a few hundreds samples.	Rate-Distortion Classification for Self-Tuning IoT Networks  Many future wireless sensor networks and the Internet of Things are expected to follow a software defined paradigm, where protocol parameters and behaviors will be dynamically tuned as a function of the signal statistics. New protocols will be then injected as a software as certain events occur. For instance, new data compressors could be (re)programmed on-the-fly as the monitored signal type or its statistical properties change. We consider a lossy compression scenario, where the application tolerates some distortion of the gathered signal in return for improved energy efficiency. To reap the full benefits of this paradigm, we discuss an automatic sensor profiling approach where the signal class, and in particular the corresponding rate-distortion curve, is automatically assessed using machine learning tools (namely, support vector machines and neural networks). We show that this curve can be reliably estimated on-the-fly through the computation of a small number (from ten to twenty) of statistical features on time windows of a few hundreds samples.	403
In deep learning, why dont we use the whole training set to compute the gradient?	A Selective Overview of Deep Learning  Deep learning has arguably achieved tremendous success in recent years. In simple words, deep learning uses the composition of many nonlinear functions to model the complex dependency between input features and labels. While neural networks have a long history, recent advances have greatly improved their performance in computer vision, natural language processing, etc. From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e.g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	A Selective Overview of Deep Learning  Deep learning has arguably achieved tremendous success in recent years. In simple words, deep learning uses the composition of many nonlinear functions to model the complex dependency between input features and labels. While neural networks have a long history, recent advances have greatly improved their performance in computer vision, natural language processing, etc. From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e.g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	325
In deep learning, why dont we use the whole training set to compute the gradient?	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning. In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model. Although we are motivated by the connection between deep learning and RG flow, in this study we focus mainly on comparing a single layer of a deep network to a single step in the RG flow. We argue that correlation functions between hidden and visible neurons are capable of diagnosing RG-like coarse graining. Numerical experiments show the presence of RG-like patterns in correlators computed using the trained RBMs. The observables we consider are also able to exhibit important differences between RG and deep learning.	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning. In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model. Although we are motivated by the connection between deep learning and RG flow, in this study we focus mainly on comparing a single layer of a deep network to a single step in the RG flow. We argue that correlation functions between hidden and visible neurons are capable of diagnosing RG-like coarse graining. Numerical experiments show the presence of RG-like patterns in correlators computed using the trained RBMs. The observables we consider are also able to exhibit important differences between RG and deep learning.	317
In deep learning, why dont we use the whole training set to compute the gradient?	Demystifying Deep Learning: A Geometric Approach to Iterative   Projections  Parametric approaches to Learning, such as deep learning (DL), are highly popular in nonlinear regression, in spite of their extremely difficult training with their increasing complexity (e.g. number of layers in DL). In this paper, we present an alternative semi-parametric framework which foregoes the ordinarily required feedback, by introducing the novel idea of geometric regularization. We show that certain deep learning techniques such as residual network (ResNet) architecture are closely related to our approach. Hence, our technique can be used to analyze these types of deep learning. Moreover, we present preliminary results which confirm that our approach can be easily trained to obtain complex structures.	Demystifying Deep Learning: A Geometric Approach to Iterative   Projections  Parametric approaches to Learning, such as deep learning (DL), are highly popular in nonlinear regression, in spite of their extremely difficult training with their increasing complexity (e.g. number of layers in DL). In this paper, we present an alternative semi-parametric framework which foregoes the ordinarily required feedback, by introducing the novel idea of geometric regularization. We show that certain deep learning techniques such as residual network (ResNet) architecture are closely related to our approach. Hence, our technique can be used to analyze these types of deep learning. Moreover, we present preliminary results which confirm that our approach can be easily trained to obtain complex structures.	314
In deep learning, why dont we use the whole training set to compute the gradient?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	303
In deep learning, why dont we use the whole training set to compute the gradient?	Deep Learning: Computational Aspects  In this article we review computational aspects of Deep Learning (DL). Deep learning uses network architectures consisting of hierarchical layers of latent variables to construct predictors for high-dimensional input-output models. Training a deep learning architecture is computationally intensive, and efficient linear algebra libraries is the key for training and inference. Stochastic gradient descent (SGD) optimization and batch sampling are used to learn from massive data sets.	Deep Learning: Computational Aspects  In this article we review computational aspects of Deep Learning (DL). Deep learning uses network architectures consisting of hierarchical layers of latent variables to construct predictors for high-dimensional input-output models. Training a deep learning architecture is computationally intensive, and efficient linear algebra libraries is the key for training and inference. Stochastic gradient descent (SGD) optimization and batch sampling are used to learn from massive data sets.	310
What is a convolutional neural network?	Perturbative Neural Networks  Convolutional neural networks are witnessing wide adoption in computer vision systems with numerous applications across a range of visual recognition tasks. Much of this progress is fueled through advances in convolutional neural network architectures and learning algorithms even as the basic premise of a convolutional layer has remained unchanged. In this paper, we seek to revisit the convolutional layer that has been the workhorse of state-of-the-art visual recognition models. We introduce a very simple, yet effective, module called a perturbation layer as an alternative to a convolutional layer. The perturbation layer does away with convolution in the traditional sense and instead computes its response as a weighted linear combination of non-linearly activated additive noise perturbed inputs. We demonstrate both analytically and empirically that this perturbation layer can be an effective replacement for a standard convolutional layer. Empirically, deep neural networks with perturbation layers, called Perturbative Neural Networks (PNNs), in lieu of convolutional layers perform comparably with standard CNNs on a range of visual datasets (MNIST, CIFAR-10, PASCAL VOC, and ImageNet) with fewer parameters.	Perturbative Neural Networks  Convolutional neural networks are witnessing wide adoption in computer vision systems with numerous applications across a range of visual recognition tasks. Much of this progress is fueled through advances in convolutional neural network architectures and learning algorithms even as the basic premise of a convolutional layer has remained unchanged. In this paper, we seek to revisit the convolutional layer that has been the workhorse of state-of-the-art visual recognition models. We introduce a very simple, yet effective, module called a perturbation layer as an alternative to a convolutional layer. The perturbation layer does away with convolution in the traditional sense and instead computes its response as a weighted linear combination of non-linearly activated additive noise perturbed inputs. We demonstrate both analytically and empirically that this perturbation layer can be an effective replacement for a standard convolutional layer. Empirically, deep neural networks with perturbation layers, called Perturbative Neural Networks (PNNs), in lieu of convolutional layers perform comparably with standard CNNs on a range of visual datasets (MNIST, CIFAR-10, PASCAL VOC, and ImageNet) with fewer parameters.	449
What is a convolutional neural network?	NPTC-net: Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolutional Neural Network on   Point Clouds  Convolution plays a crucial role in various applications in signal and image processing, analysis, and recognition. It is also the main building block of convolution neural networks (CNNs). Designing appropriate convolution neural networks on manifold-structured point clouds can inherit and empower recent advances of CNNs to analyzing and processing point cloud data. However, one of the major challenges is to define a proper way to "sweep" filters through the point cloud as a natural generalization of the planar convolution and to reflect the point cloud's geometry at the same time. In this paper, we consider generalizing convolution by adapting parallel transport on the point cloud. Inspired by a triangulated surface-based method [Stefan C. Schonsheck, Bin Dong, and Rongjie Lai, arXiv:1805.07857.], we propose the Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolution (NPTC) using a specifically defined connection on a voxel-based narrow-band approximation of point cloud data. With that, we further propose a deep convolutional neural network based on NPTC (called NPTC-net) for point cloud classification and segmentation. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed NPTC-net achieves similar or better results than current state-of-the-art methods on point cloud classification and segmentation.	NPTC-net: Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolutional Neural Network on   Point Clouds  Convolution plays a crucial role in various applications in signal and image processing, analysis, and recognition. It is also the main building block of convolution neural networks (CNNs). Designing appropriate convolution neural networks on manifold-structured point clouds can inherit and empower recent advances of CNNs to analyzing and processing point cloud data. However, one of the major challenges is to define a proper way to "sweep" filters through the point cloud as a natural generalization of the planar convolution and to reflect the point cloud's geometry at the same time. In this paper, we consider generalizing convolution by adapting parallel transport on the point cloud. Inspired by a triangulated surface-based method [Stefan C. Schonsheck, Bin Dong, and Rongjie Lai, arXiv:1805.07857.], we propose the Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolution (NPTC) using a specifically defined connection on a voxel-based narrow-band approximation of point cloud data. With that, we further propose a deep convolutional neural network based on NPTC (called NPTC-net) for point cloud classification and segmentation. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed NPTC-net achieves similar or better results than current state-of-the-art methods on point cloud classification and segmentation.	453
What is a convolutional neural network?	Network Deconvolution  Convolution is a central operation in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which applies a kernel to overlapping regions shifted across the image. However, because of the strong correlations in real-world image data, convolutional kernels are in effect re-learning redundant data. In this work, we show that this redundancy has made neural network training challenging, and propose network deconvolution, a procedure which optimally removes pixel-wise and channel-wise correlations before the data is fed into each layer. Network deconvolution can be efficiently calculated at a fraction of the computational cost of a convolution layer. We also show that the deconvolution filters in the first layer of the network resemble the center-surround structure found in biological neurons in the visual regions of the brain. Filtering with such kernels results in a sparse representation, a desired property that has been missing in the training of neural networks. Learning from the sparse representation promotes faster convergence and superior results without the use of batch normalization. We apply our network deconvolution operation to 10 modern neural network models by replacing batch normalization within each. Extensive experiments show that the network deconvolution operation is able to deliver performance improvement in all cases on the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, Cityscapes, and ImageNet datasets.	Network Deconvolution  Convolution is a central operation in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which applies a kernel to overlapping regions shifted across the image. However, because of the strong correlations in real-world image data, convolutional kernels are in effect re-learning redundant data. In this work, we show that this redundancy has made neural network training challenging, and propose network deconvolution, a procedure which optimally removes pixel-wise and channel-wise correlations before the data is fed into each layer. Network deconvolution can be efficiently calculated at a fraction of the computational cost of a convolution layer. We also show that the deconvolution filters in the first layer of the network resemble the center-surround structure found in biological neurons in the visual regions of the brain. Filtering with such kernels results in a sparse representation, a desired property that has been missing in the training of neural networks. Learning from the sparse representation promotes faster convergence and superior results without the use of batch normalization. We apply our network deconvolution operation to 10 modern neural network models by replacing batch normalization within each. Extensive experiments show that the network deconvolution operation is able to deliver performance improvement in all cases on the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, Cityscapes, and ImageNet datasets.	441
What is a convolutional neural network?	Parallel Transport Convolution: A New Tool for Convolutional Neural   Networks on Manifolds  Convolution has been playing a prominent role in various applications in science and engineering for many years. It is the most important operation in convolutional neural networks. There has been a recent growth of interests of research in generalizing convolutions on curved domains such as manifolds and graphs. However, existing approaches cannot preserve all the desirable properties of Euclidean convolutions, namely compactly supported filters, directionality, transferability across different manifolds. In this paper we develop a new generalization of the convolution operation, referred to as parallel transport convolution (PTC), on Riemannian manifolds and their discrete counterparts. PTC is designed based on the parallel transportation which is able to translate information along a manifold and to intrinsically preserve directionality. PTC allows for the construction of compactly supported filters and is also robust to manifold deformations. This enables us to preform wavelet-like operations and to define deep convolutional neural networks on curved domains.	Parallel Transport Convolution: A New Tool for Convolutional Neural   Networks on Manifolds  Convolution has been playing a prominent role in various applications in science and engineering for many years. It is the most important operation in convolutional neural networks. There has been a recent growth of interests of research in generalizing convolutions on curved domains such as manifolds and graphs. However, existing approaches cannot preserve all the desirable properties of Euclidean convolutions, namely compactly supported filters, directionality, transferability across different manifolds. In this paper we develop a new generalization of the convolution operation, referred to as parallel transport convolution (PTC), on Riemannian manifolds and their discrete counterparts. PTC is designed based on the parallel transportation which is able to translate information along a manifold and to intrinsically preserve directionality. PTC allows for the construction of compactly supported filters and is also robust to manifold deformations. This enables us to preform wavelet-like operations and to define deep convolutional neural networks on curved domains.	456
What is a convolutional neural network?	A Convolutional Neural Network into graph space  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs), in a few decades, have outperformed the existing state of the art methods in classification context. However, in the way they were formalised, CNNs are bound to operate on euclidean spaces. Indeed, convolution is a signal operation that are defined on euclidean spaces. This has restricted deep learning main use to euclidean-defined data such as sound or image. And yet, numerous computer application fields (among which network analysis, computational social science, chemo-informatics or computer graphics) induce non-euclideanly defined data such as graphs, networks or manifolds. In this paper we propose a new convolution neural network architecture, defined directly into graph space. Convolution and pooling operators are defined in graph domain. We show its usability in a back-propagation context. Experimental results show that our model performance is at state of the art level on simple tasks. It shows robustness with respect to graph domain changes and improvement with respect to other euclidean and non-euclidean convolutional architectures.	A Convolutional Neural Network into graph space  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs), in a few decades, have outperformed the existing state of the art methods in classification context. However, in the way they were formalised, CNNs are bound to operate on euclidean spaces. Indeed, convolution is a signal operation that are defined on euclidean spaces. This has restricted deep learning main use to euclidean-defined data such as sound or image. And yet, numerous computer application fields (among which network analysis, computational social science, chemo-informatics or computer graphics) induce non-euclideanly defined data such as graphs, networks or manifolds. In this paper we propose a new convolution neural network architecture, defined directly into graph space. Convolution and pooling operators are defined in graph domain. We show its usability in a back-propagation context. Experimental results show that our model performance is at state of the art level on simple tasks. It shows robustness with respect to graph domain changes and improvement with respect to other euclidean and non-euclidean convolutional architectures.	461
What is an intuitive explanation for convolution?	Explaining Explanations: An Overview of Interpretability of Machine   Learning  There has recently been a surge of work in explanatory artificial intelligence (XAI). This research area tackles the important problem that complex machines and algorithms often cannot provide insights into their behavior and thought processes. XAI allows users and parts of the internal system to be more transparent, providing explanations of their decisions in some level of detail. These explanations are important to ensure algorithmic fairness, identify potential bias/problems in the training data, and to ensure that the algorithms perform as expected. However, explanations produced by these systems is neither standardized nor systematically assessed. In an effort to create best practices and identify open challenges, we provide our definition of explainability and show how it can be used to classify existing literature. We discuss why current approaches to explanatory methods especially for deep neural networks are insufficient. Finally, based on our survey, we conclude with suggested future research directions for explanatory artificial intelligence.	Explaining Explanations: An Overview of Interpretability of Machine   Learning  There has recently been a surge of work in explanatory artificial intelligence (XAI). This research area tackles the important problem that complex machines and algorithms often cannot provide insights into their behavior and thought processes. XAI allows users and parts of the internal system to be more transparent, providing explanations of their decisions in some level of detail. These explanations are important to ensure algorithmic fairness, identify potential bias/problems in the training data, and to ensure that the algorithms perform as expected. However, explanations produced by these systems is neither standardized nor systematically assessed. In an effort to create best practices and identify open challenges, we provide our definition of explainability and show how it can be used to classify existing literature. We discuss why current approaches to explanatory methods especially for deep neural networks are insufficient. Finally, based on our survey, we conclude with suggested future research directions for explanatory artificial intelligence.	426
What is an intuitive explanation for convolution?	Learning to Understand by Evolving Theories  In this paper, we describe an approach that enables an autonomous system to infer the semantics of a command (i.e. a symbol sequence representing an action) in terms of the relations between changes in the observations and the action instances. We present a method of how to induce a theory (i.e. a semantic description) of the meaning of a command in terms of a minimal set of background knowledge. The only thing we have is a sequence of observations from which we extract what kinds of effects were caused by performing the command. This way, we yield a description of the semantics of the action and, hence, a definition.	Learning to Understand by Evolving Theories  In this paper, we describe an approach that enables an autonomous system to infer the semantics of a command (i.e. a symbol sequence representing an action) in terms of the relations between changes in the observations and the action instances. We present a method of how to induce a theory (i.e. a semantic description) of the meaning of a command in terms of a minimal set of background knowledge. The only thing we have is a sequence of observations from which we extract what kinds of effects were caused by performing the command. This way, we yield a description of the semantics of the action and, hence, a definition.	429
What is an intuitive explanation for convolution?	Spectral Convolution Networks  Previous research has shown that computation of convolution in the frequency domain provides a significant speedup versus traditional convolution network implementations. However, this performance increase comes at the expense of repeatedly computing the transform and its inverse in order to apply other network operations such as activation, pooling, and dropout. We show, mathematically, how convolution and activation can both be implemented in the frequency domain using either the Fourier or Laplace transformation. The main contributions are a description of spectral activation under the Fourier transform and a further description of an efficient algorithm for computing both convolution and activation under the Laplace transform. By computing both the convolution and activation functions in the frequency domain, we can reduce the number of transforms required, as well as reducing overall complexity. Our description of a spectral activation function, together with existing spectral analogs of other network functions may then be used to compose a fully spectral implementation of a convolution network.	Spectral Convolution Networks  Previous research has shown that computation of convolution in the frequency domain provides a significant speedup versus traditional convolution network implementations. However, this performance increase comes at the expense of repeatedly computing the transform and its inverse in order to apply other network operations such as activation, pooling, and dropout. We show, mathematically, how convolution and activation can both be implemented in the frequency domain using either the Fourier or Laplace transformation. The main contributions are a description of spectral activation under the Fourier transform and a further description of an efficient algorithm for computing both convolution and activation under the Laplace transform. By computing both the convolution and activation functions in the frequency domain, we can reduce the number of transforms required, as well as reducing overall complexity. Our description of a spectral activation function, together with existing spectral analogs of other network functions may then be used to compose a fully spectral implementation of a convolution network.	418
What is an intuitive explanation for convolution?	Quantum Bandits  We consider the quantum version of the bandit problem known as {\em best arm identification} (BAI). We first propose a quantum modeling of the BAI problem, which assumes that both the learning agent and the environment are quantum; we then propose an algorithm based on quantum amplitude amplification to solve BAI. We formally analyze the behavior of the algorithm on all instances of the problem and we show, in particular, that it is able to get the optimal solution quadratically faster than what is known to hold in the classical case.	Quantum Bandits  We consider the quantum version of the bandit problem known as {\em best arm identification} (BAI). We first propose a quantum modeling of the BAI problem, which assumes that both the learning agent and the environment are quantum; we then propose an algorithm based on quantum amplitude amplification to solve BAI. We formally analyze the behavior of the algorithm on all instances of the problem and we show, in particular, that it is able to get the optimal solution quadratically faster than what is known to hold in the classical case.	431
What is an intuitive explanation for convolution?	Sequential Feature Explanations for Anomaly Detection  In many applications, an anomaly detection system presents the most anomalous data instance to a human analyst, who then must determine whether the instance is truly of interest (e.g. a threat in a security setting). Unfortunately, most anomaly detectors provide no explanation about why an instance was considered anomalous, leaving the analyst with no guidance about where to begin the investigation. To address this issue, we study the problems of computing and evaluating sequential feature explanations (SFEs) for anomaly detectors. An SFE of an anomaly is a sequence of features, which are presented to the analyst one at a time (in order) until the information contained in the highlighted features is enough for the analyst to make a confident judgement about the anomaly. Since analyst effort is related to the amount of information that they consider in an investigation, an explanation's quality is related to the number of features that must be revealed to attain confidence. One of our main contributions is to present a novel framework for large scale quantitative evaluations of SFEs, where the quality measure is based on analyst effort. To do this we construct anomaly detection benchmarks from real data sets along with artificial experts that can be simulated for evaluation. Our second contribution is to evaluate several novel explanation approaches within the framework and on traditional anomaly detection benchmarks, offering several insights into the approaches.	Sequential Feature Explanations for Anomaly Detection  In many applications, an anomaly detection system presents the most anomalous data instance to a human analyst, who then must determine whether the instance is truly of interest (e.g. a threat in a security setting). Unfortunately, most anomaly detectors provide no explanation about why an instance was considered anomalous, leaving the analyst with no guidance about where to begin the investigation. To address this issue, we study the problems of computing and evaluating sequential feature explanations (SFEs) for anomaly detectors. An SFE of an anomaly is a sequence of features, which are presented to the analyst one at a time (in order) until the information contained in the highlighted features is enough for the analyst to make a confident judgement about the anomaly. Since analyst effort is related to the amount of information that they consider in an investigation, an explanation's quality is related to the number of features that must be revealed to attain confidence. One of our main contributions is to present a novel framework for large scale quantitative evaluations of SFEs, where the quality measure is based on analyst effort. To do this we construct anomaly detection benchmarks from real data sets along with artificial experts that can be simulated for evaluation. Our second contribution is to evaluate several novel explanation approaches within the framework and on traditional anomaly detection benchmarks, offering several insights into the approaches.	431
How do convolutional neural networks work?	NPTC-net: Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolutional Neural Network on   Point Clouds  Convolution plays a crucial role in various applications in signal and image processing, analysis, and recognition. It is also the main building block of convolution neural networks (CNNs). Designing appropriate convolution neural networks on manifold-structured point clouds can inherit and empower recent advances of CNNs to analyzing and processing point cloud data. However, one of the major challenges is to define a proper way to "sweep" filters through the point cloud as a natural generalization of the planar convolution and to reflect the point cloud's geometry at the same time. In this paper, we consider generalizing convolution by adapting parallel transport on the point cloud. Inspired by a triangulated surface-based method [Stefan C. Schonsheck, Bin Dong, and Rongjie Lai, arXiv:1805.07857.], we propose the Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolution (NPTC) using a specifically defined connection on a voxel-based narrow-band approximation of point cloud data. With that, we further propose a deep convolutional neural network based on NPTC (called NPTC-net) for point cloud classification and segmentation. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed NPTC-net achieves similar or better results than current state-of-the-art methods on point cloud classification and segmentation.	NPTC-net: Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolutional Neural Network on   Point Clouds  Convolution plays a crucial role in various applications in signal and image processing, analysis, and recognition. It is also the main building block of convolution neural networks (CNNs). Designing appropriate convolution neural networks on manifold-structured point clouds can inherit and empower recent advances of CNNs to analyzing and processing point cloud data. However, one of the major challenges is to define a proper way to "sweep" filters through the point cloud as a natural generalization of the planar convolution and to reflect the point cloud's geometry at the same time. In this paper, we consider generalizing convolution by adapting parallel transport on the point cloud. Inspired by a triangulated surface-based method [Stefan C. Schonsheck, Bin Dong, and Rongjie Lai, arXiv:1805.07857.], we propose the Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolution (NPTC) using a specifically defined connection on a voxel-based narrow-band approximation of point cloud data. With that, we further propose a deep convolutional neural network based on NPTC (called NPTC-net) for point cloud classification and segmentation. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed NPTC-net achieves similar or better results than current state-of-the-art methods on point cloud classification and segmentation.	407
How do convolutional neural networks work?	Network Deconvolution  Convolution is a central operation in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which applies a kernel to overlapping regions shifted across the image. However, because of the strong correlations in real-world image data, convolutional kernels are in effect re-learning redundant data. In this work, we show that this redundancy has made neural network training challenging, and propose network deconvolution, a procedure which optimally removes pixel-wise and channel-wise correlations before the data is fed into each layer. Network deconvolution can be efficiently calculated at a fraction of the computational cost of a convolution layer. We also show that the deconvolution filters in the first layer of the network resemble the center-surround structure found in biological neurons in the visual regions of the brain. Filtering with such kernels results in a sparse representation, a desired property that has been missing in the training of neural networks. Learning from the sparse representation promotes faster convergence and superior results without the use of batch normalization. We apply our network deconvolution operation to 10 modern neural network models by replacing batch normalization within each. Extensive experiments show that the network deconvolution operation is able to deliver performance improvement in all cases on the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, Cityscapes, and ImageNet datasets.	Network Deconvolution  Convolution is a central operation in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which applies a kernel to overlapping regions shifted across the image. However, because of the strong correlations in real-world image data, convolutional kernels are in effect re-learning redundant data. In this work, we show that this redundancy has made neural network training challenging, and propose network deconvolution, a procedure which optimally removes pixel-wise and channel-wise correlations before the data is fed into each layer. Network deconvolution can be efficiently calculated at a fraction of the computational cost of a convolution layer. We also show that the deconvolution filters in the first layer of the network resemble the center-surround structure found in biological neurons in the visual regions of the brain. Filtering with such kernels results in a sparse representation, a desired property that has been missing in the training of neural networks. Learning from the sparse representation promotes faster convergence and superior results without the use of batch normalization. We apply our network deconvolution operation to 10 modern neural network models by replacing batch normalization within each. Extensive experiments show that the network deconvolution operation is able to deliver performance improvement in all cases on the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, Cityscapes, and ImageNet datasets.	382
How do convolutional neural networks work?	Parallel Transport Convolution: A New Tool for Convolutional Neural   Networks on Manifolds  Convolution has been playing a prominent role in various applications in science and engineering for many years. It is the most important operation in convolutional neural networks. There has been a recent growth of interests of research in generalizing convolutions on curved domains such as manifolds and graphs. However, existing approaches cannot preserve all the desirable properties of Euclidean convolutions, namely compactly supported filters, directionality, transferability across different manifolds. In this paper we develop a new generalization of the convolution operation, referred to as parallel transport convolution (PTC), on Riemannian manifolds and their discrete counterparts. PTC is designed based on the parallel transportation which is able to translate information along a manifold and to intrinsically preserve directionality. PTC allows for the construction of compactly supported filters and is also robust to manifold deformations. This enables us to preform wavelet-like operations and to define deep convolutional neural networks on curved domains.	Parallel Transport Convolution: A New Tool for Convolutional Neural   Networks on Manifolds  Convolution has been playing a prominent role in various applications in science and engineering for many years. It is the most important operation in convolutional neural networks. There has been a recent growth of interests of research in generalizing convolutions on curved domains such as manifolds and graphs. However, existing approaches cannot preserve all the desirable properties of Euclidean convolutions, namely compactly supported filters, directionality, transferability across different manifolds. In this paper we develop a new generalization of the convolution operation, referred to as parallel transport convolution (PTC), on Riemannian manifolds and their discrete counterparts. PTC is designed based on the parallel transportation which is able to translate information along a manifold and to intrinsically preserve directionality. PTC allows for the construction of compactly supported filters and is also robust to manifold deformations. This enables us to preform wavelet-like operations and to define deep convolutional neural networks on curved domains.	414
How do convolutional neural networks work?	Neural Nets via Forward State Transformation and Backward Loss   Transformation  This article studies (multilayer perceptron) neural networks with an emphasis on the transformations involved --- both forward and backward --- in order to develop a semantical/logical perspective that is in line with standard program semantics. The common two-pass neural network training algorithms make this viewpoint particularly fitting. In the forward direction, neural networks act as state transformers. In the reverse direction, however, neural networks change losses of outputs to losses of inputs, thereby acting like a (real-valued) predicate transformer. In this way, backpropagation is functorial by construction, as shown earlier in recent other work. We illustrate this perspective by training a simple instance of a neural network.	Neural Nets via Forward State Transformation and Backward Loss   Transformation  This article studies (multilayer perceptron) neural networks with an emphasis on the transformations involved --- both forward and backward --- in order to develop a semantical/logical perspective that is in line with standard program semantics. The common two-pass neural network training algorithms make this viewpoint particularly fitting. In the forward direction, neural networks act as state transformers. In the reverse direction, however, neural networks change losses of outputs to losses of inputs, thereby acting like a (real-valued) predicate transformer. In this way, backpropagation is functorial by construction, as shown earlier in recent other work. We illustrate this perspective by training a simple instance of a neural network.	383
How do convolutional neural networks work?	A Convolutional Neural Network into graph space  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs), in a few decades, have outperformed the existing state of the art methods in classification context. However, in the way they were formalised, CNNs are bound to operate on euclidean spaces. Indeed, convolution is a signal operation that are defined on euclidean spaces. This has restricted deep learning main use to euclidean-defined data such as sound or image. And yet, numerous computer application fields (among which network analysis, computational social science, chemo-informatics or computer graphics) induce non-euclideanly defined data such as graphs, networks or manifolds. In this paper we propose a new convolution neural network architecture, defined directly into graph space. Convolution and pooling operators are defined in graph domain. We show its usability in a back-propagation context. Experimental results show that our model performance is at state of the art level on simple tasks. It shows robustness with respect to graph domain changes and improvement with respect to other euclidean and non-euclidean convolutional architectures.	A Convolutional Neural Network into graph space  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs), in a few decades, have outperformed the existing state of the art methods in classification context. However, in the way they were formalised, CNNs are bound to operate on euclidean spaces. Indeed, convolution is a signal operation that are defined on euclidean spaces. This has restricted deep learning main use to euclidean-defined data such as sound or image. And yet, numerous computer application fields (among which network analysis, computational social science, chemo-informatics or computer graphics) induce non-euclideanly defined data such as graphs, networks or manifolds. In this paper we propose a new convolution neural network architecture, defined directly into graph space. Convolution and pooling operators are defined in graph domain. We show its usability in a back-propagation context. Experimental results show that our model performance is at state of the art level on simple tasks. It shows robustness with respect to graph domain changes and improvement with respect to other euclidean and non-euclidean convolutional architectures.	413
How long will it take for me to go from machine learning basics to convolutional neural network?	Learning from Pseudo-Randomness With an Artificial Neural Network - Does   God Play Pseudo-Dice?  Inspired by the fact that the neural network, as the mainstream for machine learning, has brought successes in many application areas, here we propose to use this approach for decoding hidden correlation among pseudo-random data and predicting events accordingly. With a simple neural network structure and a typical training procedure, we demonstrate the learning and prediction power of the neural network in extremely random environment. Finally, we postulate that the high sensitivity and efficiency of the neural network may allow to critically test if there could be any fundamental difference between quantum randomness and pseudo randomness, which is equivalent to the question: Does God play dice?	Learning from Pseudo-Randomness With an Artificial Neural Network - Does   God Play Pseudo-Dice?  Inspired by the fact that the neural network, as the mainstream for machine learning, has brought successes in many application areas, here we propose to use this approach for decoding hidden correlation among pseudo-random data and predicting events accordingly. With a simple neural network structure and a typical training procedure, we demonstrate the learning and prediction power of the neural network in extremely random environment. Finally, we postulate that the high sensitivity and efficiency of the neural network may allow to critically test if there could be any fundamental difference between quantum randomness and pseudo randomness, which is equivalent to the question: Does God play dice?	382
How long will it take for me to go from machine learning basics to convolutional neural network?	On-the-Fly Learning in a Perpetual Learning Machine  Despite the promise of brain-inspired machine learning, deep neural networks (DNN) have frustratingly failed to bridge the deceptively large gap between learning and memory. Here, we introduce a Perpetual Learning Machine; a new type of DNN that is capable of brain-like dynamic 'on the fly' learning because it exists in a self-supervised state of Perpetual Stochastic Gradient Descent. Thus, we provide the means to unify learning and memory within a machine learning framework. We also explore the elegant duality of abstraction and synthesis: the Yin and Yang of deep learning.	On-the-Fly Learning in a Perpetual Learning Machine  Despite the promise of brain-inspired machine learning, deep neural networks (DNN) have frustratingly failed to bridge the deceptively large gap between learning and memory. Here, we introduce a Perpetual Learning Machine; a new type of DNN that is capable of brain-like dynamic 'on the fly' learning because it exists in a self-supervised state of Perpetual Stochastic Gradient Descent. Thus, we provide the means to unify learning and memory within a machine learning framework. We also explore the elegant duality of abstraction and synthesis: the Yin and Yang of deep learning.	351
How long will it take for me to go from machine learning basics to convolutional neural network?	Neural Networks for Beginners. A fast implementation in Matlab, Torch,   TensorFlow  This report provides an introduction to some Machine Learning tools within the most common development environments. It mainly focuses on practical problems, skipping any theoretical introduction. It is oriented to both students trying to approach Machine Learning and experts looking for new frameworks.	Neural Networks for Beginners. A fast implementation in Matlab, Torch,   TensorFlow  This report provides an introduction to some Machine Learning tools within the most common development environments. It mainly focuses on practical problems, skipping any theoretical introduction. It is oriented to both students trying to approach Machine Learning and experts looking for new frameworks.	375
How long will it take for me to go from machine learning basics to convolutional neural network?	Machine Learning for Network Slicing Resource Management: A   Comprehensive Survey  The emerging technology of multi-tenancy network slicing is considered as an essential feature of 5G cellular networks. It provides network slices as a new type of public cloud services, and therewith increases the service flexibility and enhances the network resource efficiency. Meanwhile, it raises new challenges of network resource management. A number of various methods have been proposed over the recent past years, in which machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques are widely deployed. In this article, we provide a survey to existing approaches of network slicing resource management, with a highlight on the roles played by machine learning in them.	Machine Learning for Network Slicing Resource Management: A   Comprehensive Survey  The emerging technology of multi-tenancy network slicing is considered as an essential feature of 5G cellular networks. It provides network slices as a new type of public cloud services, and therewith increases the service flexibility and enhances the network resource efficiency. Meanwhile, it raises new challenges of network resource management. A number of various methods have been proposed over the recent past years, in which machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques are widely deployed. In this article, we provide a survey to existing approaches of network slicing resource management, with a highlight on the roles played by machine learning in them.	361
How long will it take for me to go from machine learning basics to convolutional neural network?	Machine Learning in Network Centrality Measures: Tutorial and Outlook  Complex networks are ubiquitous to several Computer Science domains. Centrality measures are an important analysis mechanism to uncover vital elements of complex networks. However, these metrics have high computational costs and requirements that hinder their applications in large real-world networks. In this tutorial, we explain how the use of neural network learning algorithms can render the application of the metrics in complex networks of arbitrary size. Moreover, the tutorial describes how to identify the best configuration for neural network training and learning such for tasks, besides presenting an easy way to generate and acquire training data. We do so by means of a general methodology, using complex network models adaptable to any application. We show that a regression model generated by the neural network successfully approximates the metric values and therefore are a robust, effective alternative in real-world applications. The methodology and proposed machine learning model use only a fraction of time with respect to other approximation algorithms, which is crucial in complex network applications.	Machine Learning in Network Centrality Measures: Tutorial and Outlook  Complex networks are ubiquitous to several Computer Science domains. Centrality measures are an important analysis mechanism to uncover vital elements of complex networks. However, these metrics have high computational costs and requirements that hinder their applications in large real-world networks. In this tutorial, we explain how the use of neural network learning algorithms can render the application of the metrics in complex networks of arbitrary size. Moreover, the tutorial describes how to identify the best configuration for neural network training and learning such for tasks, besides presenting an easy way to generate and acquire training data. We do so by means of a general methodology, using complex network models adaptable to any application. We show that a regression model generated by the neural network successfully approximates the metric values and therefore are a robust, effective alternative in real-world applications. The methodology and proposed machine learning model use only a fraction of time with respect to other approximation algorithms, which is crucial in complex network applications.	368
Why are convolutional neural networks well-suited for image classification problems?	Sequentially Generated Instance-Dependent Image Representations for   Classification  In this paper, we investigate a new framework for image classification that adaptively generates spatial representations. Our strategy is based on a sequential process that learns to explore the different regions of any image in order to infer its category. In particular, the choice of regions is specific to each image, directed by the actual content of previously selected regions.The capacity of the system to handle incomplete image information as well as its adaptive region selection allow the system to perform well in budgeted classification tasks by exploiting a dynamicly generated representation of each image. We demonstrate the system's abilities in a series of image-based exploration and classification tasks that highlight its learned exploration and inference abilities.	Sequentially Generated Instance-Dependent Image Representations for   Classification  In this paper, we investigate a new framework for image classification that adaptively generates spatial representations. Our strategy is based on a sequential process that learns to explore the different regions of any image in order to infer its category. In particular, the choice of regions is specific to each image, directed by the actual content of previously selected regions.The capacity of the system to handle incomplete image information as well as its adaptive region selection allow the system to perform well in budgeted classification tasks by exploiting a dynamicly generated representation of each image. We demonstrate the system's abilities in a series of image-based exploration and classification tasks that highlight its learned exploration and inference abilities.	343
Why are convolutional neural networks well-suited for image classification problems?	Regularizing linear inverse problems with convolutional neural networks  Deep convolutional neural networks trained on large datsets have emerged as an intriguing alternative for compressing images and solving inverse problems such as denoising and compressive sensing. However, it has only recently been realized that even without training, convolutional networks can function as concise image models, and thus regularize inverse problems. In this paper, we provide further evidence for this finding by studying variations of convolutional neural networks that map few weight parameters to an image. The networks we consider only consist of convolutional operations, with either fixed or parameterized filters followed by ReLU non-linearities. We demonstrate that with both fixed and parameterized convolutional filters those networks enable representing images with few coefficients. What is more, the underparameterization enables regularization of inverse problems, in particular recovering an image from few observations. We show that, similar to standard compressive sensing guarantees, on the order of the number of model parameters many measurements suffice for recovering an image from compressive measurements. Finally, we demonstrate that signal recovery with a un-trained convolutional network outperforms standard l1 and total variation minimization for magnetic resonance imaging (MRI).	Regularizing linear inverse problems with convolutional neural networks  Deep convolutional neural networks trained on large datsets have emerged as an intriguing alternative for compressing images and solving inverse problems such as denoising and compressive sensing. However, it has only recently been realized that even without training, convolutional networks can function as concise image models, and thus regularize inverse problems. In this paper, we provide further evidence for this finding by studying variations of convolutional neural networks that map few weight parameters to an image. The networks we consider only consist of convolutional operations, with either fixed or parameterized filters followed by ReLU non-linearities. We demonstrate that with both fixed and parameterized convolutional filters those networks enable representing images with few coefficients. What is more, the underparameterization enables regularization of inverse problems, in particular recovering an image from few observations. We show that, similar to standard compressive sensing guarantees, on the order of the number of model parameters many measurements suffice for recovering an image from compressive measurements. Finally, we demonstrate that signal recovery with a un-trained convolutional network outperforms standard l1 and total variation minimization for magnetic resonance imaging (MRI).	343
Why are convolutional neural networks well-suited for image classification problems?	Addressing Model Vulnerability to Distributional Shifts over Image   Transformation Sets  We are concerned with the vulnerability of computer vision models to distributional shifts. We formulate a combinatorial optimization problem that allows evaluating the regions in the image space where a given model is more vulnerable, in terms of image transformations applied to the input, and face it with standard search algorithms. We further embed this idea in a training procedure, where we define new data augmentation rules according to the image transformations that the current model is most vulnerable to, over iterations. An empirical evaluation on classification and semantic segmentation problems suggests that the devised algorithm allows to train models that are more robust against content-preserving image manipulations and, in general, against distributional shifts.	Addressing Model Vulnerability to Distributional Shifts over Image   Transformation Sets  We are concerned with the vulnerability of computer vision models to distributional shifts. We formulate a combinatorial optimization problem that allows evaluating the regions in the image space where a given model is more vulnerable, in terms of image transformations applied to the input, and face it with standard search algorithms. We further embed this idea in a training procedure, where we define new data augmentation rules according to the image transformations that the current model is most vulnerable to, over iterations. An empirical evaluation on classification and semantic segmentation problems suggests that the devised algorithm allows to train models that are more robust against content-preserving image manipulations and, in general, against distributional shifts.	340
Why are convolutional neural networks well-suited for image classification problems?	Deep Likelihood Network for Image Restoration with Multiple Degradation   Levels  Convolutional neural networks have been proven effective in a variety of image restoration tasks. Most state-of-the-art solutions, however, are trained using images with a single particular degradation level, and their performance deteriorates drastically when applied to other degradation settings. In this paper, we propose deep likelihood network (DL-Net), aiming at generalizing off-the-shelf image restoration networks to succeed over a spectrum of degradation levels. We slightly modify an off-the-shelf network by appending a simple recursive module, which is derived from a fidelity term, for disentangling the computation for multiple degradation levels. Extensive experimental results on image inpainting, interpolation, and super-resolution show the effectiveness of our DL-Net.	Deep Likelihood Network for Image Restoration with Multiple Degradation   Levels  Convolutional neural networks have been proven effective in a variety of image restoration tasks. Most state-of-the-art solutions, however, are trained using images with a single particular degradation level, and their performance deteriorates drastically when applied to other degradation settings. In this paper, we propose deep likelihood network (DL-Net), aiming at generalizing off-the-shelf image restoration networks to succeed over a spectrum of degradation levels. We slightly modify an off-the-shelf network by appending a simple recursive module, which is derived from a fidelity term, for disentangling the computation for multiple degradation levels. Extensive experimental results on image inpainting, interpolation, and super-resolution show the effectiveness of our DL-Net.	331
Why are convolutional neural networks well-suited for image classification problems?	Entanglement Entropy of Target Functions for Image Classification and   Convolutional Neural Network  The success of deep convolutional neural network (CNN) in computer vision especially image classification problems requests a new information theory for function of image, instead of image itself. In this article, after establishing a deep mathematical connection between image classification problem and quantum spin model, we propose to use entanglement entropy, a generalization of classical Boltzmann-Shannon entropy, as a powerful tool to characterize the information needed for representation of general function of image. We prove that there is a sub-volume-law bound for entanglement entropy of target functions of reasonable image classification problems. Therefore target functions of image classification only occupy a small subspace of the whole Hilbert space. As a result, a neural network with polynomial number of parameters is efficient for representation of such target functions of image. The concept of entanglement entropy can also be useful to characterize the expressive power of different neural networks. For example, we show that to maintain the same expressive power, number of channels $D$ in a convolutional neural network should scale with the number of convolution layers $n_c$ as $D\sim D_0^{\frac{1}{n_c}}$. Therefore, deeper CNN with large $n_c$ is more efficient than shallow ones.	Entanglement Entropy of Target Functions for Image Classification and   Convolutional Neural Network  The success of deep convolutional neural network (CNN) in computer vision especially image classification problems requests a new information theory for function of image, instead of image itself. In this article, after establishing a deep mathematical connection between image classification problem and quantum spin model, we propose to use entanglement entropy, a generalization of classical Boltzmann-Shannon entropy, as a powerful tool to characterize the information needed for representation of general function of image. We prove that there is a sub-volume-law bound for entanglement entropy of target functions of reasonable image classification problems. Therefore target functions of image classification only occupy a small subspace of the whole Hilbert space. As a result, a neural network with polynomial number of parameters is efficient for representation of such target functions of image. The concept of entanglement entropy can also be useful to characterize the expressive power of different neural networks. For example, we show that to maintain the same expressive power, number of channels $D$ in a convolutional neural network should scale with the number of convolution layers $n_c$ as $D\sim D_0^{\frac{1}{n_c}}$. Therefore, deeper CNN with large $n_c$ is more efficient than shallow ones.	341
Is a pooling layer necessary in CNN? Can it be replaced by convolution?	Transformationally Identical and Invariant Convolutional Neural Networks   by Combining Symmetric Operations or Input Vectors  Transformationally invariant processors constructed by transformed input vectors or operators have been suggested and applied to many applications. In this study, transformationally identical processing based on combining results of all sub-processes with corresponding transformations at one of the processing steps or at the beginning step were found to be equivalent for a given condition. This property can be applied to most convolutional neural network (CNN) systems. Specifically, a transformationally identical CNN can be constructed by arranging internally symmetric operations in parallel with the same transformation family that includes a flatten layer with weights sharing among their corresponding transformation elements. Other transformationally identical CNNs can be constructed by averaging transformed input vectors of the family at the input layer followed by an ordinary CNN process or by a set of symmetric operations. Interestingly, we found that both types of transformationally identical CNN systems are mathematically equivalent by either applying an averaging operation to corresponding elements of all sub-channels before the activation function or without using a non-linear activation function.	Transformationally Identical and Invariant Convolutional Neural Networks   by Combining Symmetric Operations or Input Vectors  Transformationally invariant processors constructed by transformed input vectors or operators have been suggested and applied to many applications. In this study, transformationally identical processing based on combining results of all sub-processes with corresponding transformations at one of the processing steps or at the beginning step were found to be equivalent for a given condition. This property can be applied to most convolutional neural network (CNN) systems. Specifically, a transformationally identical CNN can be constructed by arranging internally symmetric operations in parallel with the same transformation family that includes a flatten layer with weights sharing among their corresponding transformation elements. Other transformationally identical CNNs can be constructed by averaging transformed input vectors of the family at the input layer followed by an ordinary CNN process or by a set of symmetric operations. Interestingly, we found that both types of transformationally identical CNN systems are mathematically equivalent by either applying an averaging operation to corresponding elements of all sub-channels before the activation function or without using a non-linear activation function.	366
Is a pooling layer necessary in CNN? Can it be replaced by convolution?	NPTC-net: Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolutional Neural Network on   Point Clouds  Convolution plays a crucial role in various applications in signal and image processing, analysis, and recognition. It is also the main building block of convolution neural networks (CNNs). Designing appropriate convolution neural networks on manifold-structured point clouds can inherit and empower recent advances of CNNs to analyzing and processing point cloud data. However, one of the major challenges is to define a proper way to "sweep" filters through the point cloud as a natural generalization of the planar convolution and to reflect the point cloud's geometry at the same time. In this paper, we consider generalizing convolution by adapting parallel transport on the point cloud. Inspired by a triangulated surface-based method [Stefan C. Schonsheck, Bin Dong, and Rongjie Lai, arXiv:1805.07857.], we propose the Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolution (NPTC) using a specifically defined connection on a voxel-based narrow-band approximation of point cloud data. With that, we further propose a deep convolutional neural network based on NPTC (called NPTC-net) for point cloud classification and segmentation. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed NPTC-net achieves similar or better results than current state-of-the-art methods on point cloud classification and segmentation.	NPTC-net: Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolutional Neural Network on   Point Clouds  Convolution plays a crucial role in various applications in signal and image processing, analysis, and recognition. It is also the main building block of convolution neural networks (CNNs). Designing appropriate convolution neural networks on manifold-structured point clouds can inherit and empower recent advances of CNNs to analyzing and processing point cloud data. However, one of the major challenges is to define a proper way to "sweep" filters through the point cloud as a natural generalization of the planar convolution and to reflect the point cloud's geometry at the same time. In this paper, we consider generalizing convolution by adapting parallel transport on the point cloud. Inspired by a triangulated surface-based method [Stefan C. Schonsheck, Bin Dong, and Rongjie Lai, arXiv:1805.07857.], we propose the Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolution (NPTC) using a specifically defined connection on a voxel-based narrow-band approximation of point cloud data. With that, we further propose a deep convolutional neural network based on NPTC (called NPTC-net) for point cloud classification and segmentation. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed NPTC-net achieves similar or better results than current state-of-the-art methods on point cloud classification and segmentation.	375
Is a pooling layer necessary in CNN? Can it be replaced by convolution?	Parallel Transport Convolution: A New Tool for Convolutional Neural   Networks on Manifolds  Convolution has been playing a prominent role in various applications in science and engineering for many years. It is the most important operation in convolutional neural networks. There has been a recent growth of interests of research in generalizing convolutions on curved domains such as manifolds and graphs. However, existing approaches cannot preserve all the desirable properties of Euclidean convolutions, namely compactly supported filters, directionality, transferability across different manifolds. In this paper we develop a new generalization of the convolution operation, referred to as parallel transport convolution (PTC), on Riemannian manifolds and their discrete counterparts. PTC is designed based on the parallel transportation which is able to translate information along a manifold and to intrinsically preserve directionality. PTC allows for the construction of compactly supported filters and is also robust to manifold deformations. This enables us to preform wavelet-like operations and to define deep convolutional neural networks on curved domains.	Parallel Transport Convolution: A New Tool for Convolutional Neural   Networks on Manifolds  Convolution has been playing a prominent role in various applications in science and engineering for many years. It is the most important operation in convolutional neural networks. There has been a recent growth of interests of research in generalizing convolutions on curved domains such as manifolds and graphs. However, existing approaches cannot preserve all the desirable properties of Euclidean convolutions, namely compactly supported filters, directionality, transferability across different manifolds. In this paper we develop a new generalization of the convolution operation, referred to as parallel transport convolution (PTC), on Riemannian manifolds and their discrete counterparts. PTC is designed based on the parallel transportation which is able to translate information along a manifold and to intrinsically preserve directionality. PTC allows for the construction of compactly supported filters and is also robust to manifold deformations. This enables us to preform wavelet-like operations and to define deep convolutional neural networks on curved domains.	357
Is a pooling layer necessary in CNN? Can it be replaced by convolution?	Pixel-Adaptive Convolutional Neural Networks  Convolutions are the fundamental building block of CNNs. The fact that their weights are spatially shared is one of the main reasons for their widespread use, but it also is a major limitation, as it makes convolutions content agnostic. We propose a pixel-adaptive convolution (PAC) operation, a simple yet effective modification of standard convolutions, in which the filter weights are multiplied with a spatially-varying kernel that depends on learnable, local pixel features. PAC is a generalization of several popular filtering techniques and thus can be used for a wide range of use cases. Specifically, we demonstrate state-of-the-art performance when PAC is used for deep joint image upsampling. PAC also offers an effective alternative to fully-connected CRF (Full-CRF), called PAC-CRF, which performs competitively, while being considerably faster. In addition, we also demonstrate that PAC can be used as a drop-in replacement for convolution layers in pre-trained networks, resulting in consistent performance improvements.	Pixel-Adaptive Convolutional Neural Networks  Convolutions are the fundamental building block of CNNs. The fact that their weights are spatially shared is one of the main reasons for their widespread use, but it also is a major limitation, as it makes convolutions content agnostic. We propose a pixel-adaptive convolution (PAC) operation, a simple yet effective modification of standard convolutions, in which the filter weights are multiplied with a spatially-varying kernel that depends on learnable, local pixel features. PAC is a generalization of several popular filtering techniques and thus can be used for a wide range of use cases. Specifically, we demonstrate state-of-the-art performance when PAC is used for deep joint image upsampling. PAC also offers an effective alternative to fully-connected CRF (Full-CRF), called PAC-CRF, which performs competitively, while being considerably faster. In addition, we also demonstrate that PAC can be used as a drop-in replacement for convolution layers in pre-trained networks, resulting in consistent performance improvements.	370
Is a pooling layer necessary in CNN? Can it be replaced by convolution?	Pooling is neither necessary nor sufficient for appropriate deformation   stability in CNNs  Many of our core assumptions about how neural networks operate remain empirically untested. One common assumption is that convolutional neural networks need to be stable to small translations and deformations to solve image recognition tasks. For many years, this stability was baked into CNN architectures by incorporating interleaved pooling layers. Recently, however, interleaved pooling has largely been abandoned. This raises a number of questions: Are our intuitions about deformation stability right at all? Is it important? Is pooling necessary for deformation invariance? If not, how is deformation invariance achieved in its absence? In this work, we rigorously test these questions, and find that deformation stability in convolutional networks is more nuanced than it first appears: (1) Deformation invariance is not a binary property, but rather that different tasks require different degrees of deformation stability at different layers. (2) Deformation stability is not a fixed property of a network and is heavily adjusted over the course of training, largely through the smoothness of the convolutional filters. (3) Interleaved pooling layers are neither necessary nor sufficient for achieving the optimal form of deformation stability for natural image classification. (4) Pooling confers too much deformation stability for image classification at initialization, and during training, networks have to learn to counteract this inductive bias. Together, these findings provide new insights into the role of interleaved pooling and deformation invariance in CNNs, and demonstrate the importance of rigorous empirical testing of even our most basic assumptions about the working of neural networks.	Pooling is neither necessary nor sufficient for appropriate deformation   stability in CNNs  Many of our core assumptions about how neural networks operate remain empirically untested. One common assumption is that convolutional neural networks need to be stable to small translations and deformations to solve image recognition tasks. For many years, this stability was baked into CNN architectures by incorporating interleaved pooling layers. Recently, however, interleaved pooling has largely been abandoned. This raises a number of questions: Are our intuitions about deformation stability right at all? Is it important? Is pooling necessary for deformation invariance? If not, how is deformation invariance achieved in its absence? In this work, we rigorously test these questions, and find that deformation stability in convolutional networks is more nuanced than it first appears: (1) Deformation invariance is not a binary property, but rather that different tasks require different degrees of deformation stability at different layers. (2) Deformation stability is not a fixed property of a network and is heavily adjusted over the course of training, largely through the smoothness of the convolutional filters. (3) Interleaved pooling layers are neither necessary nor sufficient for achieving the optimal form of deformation stability for natural image classification. (4) Pooling confers too much deformation stability for image classification at initialization, and during training, networks have to learn to counteract this inductive bias. Together, these findings provide new insights into the role of interleaved pooling and deformation invariance in CNNs, and demonstrate the importance of rigorous empirical testing of even our most basic assumptions about the working of neural networks.	343
How can the filters used in Convolutional Neural Networks be optimized or reduced in size?	On the Computational Inefficiency of Large Batch Sizes for Stochastic   Gradient Descent  Increasing the mini-batch size for stochastic gradient descent offers significant opportunities to reduce wall-clock training time, but there are a variety of theoretical and systems challenges that impede the widespread success of this technique. We investigate these issues, with an emphasis on time to convergence and total computational cost, through an extensive empirical analysis of network training across several architectures and problem domains, including image classification, image segmentation, and language modeling. Although it is common practice to increase the batch size in order to fully exploit available computational resources, we find a substantially more nuanced picture. Our main finding is that across a wide range of network architectures and problem domains, increasing the batch size beyond a certain point yields no decrease in wall-clock time to convergence for \emph{either} train or test loss. This batch size is usually substantially below the capacity of current systems. We show that popular training strategies for large batch size optimization begin to fail before we can populate all available compute resources, and we show that the point at which these methods break down depends more on attributes like model architecture and data complexity than it does directly on the size of the dataset.	On the Computational Inefficiency of Large Batch Sizes for Stochastic   Gradient Descent  Increasing the mini-batch size for stochastic gradient descent offers significant opportunities to reduce wall-clock training time, but there are a variety of theoretical and systems challenges that impede the widespread success of this technique. We investigate these issues, with an emphasis on time to convergence and total computational cost, through an extensive empirical analysis of network training across several architectures and problem domains, including image classification, image segmentation, and language modeling. Although it is common practice to increase the batch size in order to fully exploit available computational resources, we find a substantially more nuanced picture. Our main finding is that across a wide range of network architectures and problem domains, increasing the batch size beyond a certain point yields no decrease in wall-clock time to convergence for \emph{either} train or test loss. This batch size is usually substantially below the capacity of current systems. We show that popular training strategies for large batch size optimization begin to fail before we can populate all available compute resources, and we show that the point at which these methods break down depends more on attributes like model architecture and data complexity than it does directly on the size of the dataset.	342
How can the filters used in Convolutional Neural Networks be optimized or reduced in size?	Network-size independent covering number bounds for deep networks  We give a covering number bound for deep learning networks that is independent of the size of the network. The key for the simple analysis is that for linear classifiers, rotating the data doesn't affect the covering number. Thus, we can ignore the rotation part of each layer's linear transformation, and get the covering number bound by concentrating on the scaling part.	Network-size independent covering number bounds for deep networks  We give a covering number bound for deep learning networks that is independent of the size of the network. The key for the simple analysis is that for linear classifiers, rotating the data doesn't affect the covering number. Thus, we can ignore the rotation part of each layer's linear transformation, and get the covering number bound by concentrating on the scaling part.	347
How can the filters used in Convolutional Neural Networks be optimized or reduced in size?	Accelerating Large-Kernel Convolution Using Summed-Area Tables  Expanding the receptive field to capture large-scale context is key to obtaining good performance in dense prediction tasks, such as human pose estimation. While many state-of-the-art fully-convolutional architectures enlarge the receptive field by reducing resolution using strided convolution or pooling layers, the most straightforward strategy is adopting large filters. This, however, is costly because of the quadratic increase in the number of parameters and multiply-add operations. In this work, we explore using learnable box filters to allow for convolution with arbitrarily large kernel size, while keeping the number of parameters per filter constant. In addition, we use precomputed summed-area tables to make the computational cost of convolution independent of the filter size. We adapt and incorporate the box filter as a differentiable module in a fully-convolutional neural network, and demonstrate its competitive performance on popular benchmarks for the task of human pose estimation.	Accelerating Large-Kernel Convolution Using Summed-Area Tables  Expanding the receptive field to capture large-scale context is key to obtaining good performance in dense prediction tasks, such as human pose estimation. While many state-of-the-art fully-convolutional architectures enlarge the receptive field by reducing resolution using strided convolution or pooling layers, the most straightforward strategy is adopting large filters. This, however, is costly because of the quadratic increase in the number of parameters and multiply-add operations. In this work, we explore using learnable box filters to allow for convolution with arbitrarily large kernel size, while keeping the number of parameters per filter constant. In addition, we use precomputed summed-area tables to make the computational cost of convolution independent of the filter size. We adapt and incorporate the box filter as a differentiable module in a fully-convolutional neural network, and demonstrate its competitive performance on popular benchmarks for the task of human pose estimation.	318
How can the filters used in Convolutional Neural Networks be optimized or reduced in size?	A Theoretical Analysis of Deep Neural Networks and Parametric PDEs  We derive upper bounds on the complexity of ReLU neural networks approximating the solution maps of parametric partial differential equations. In particular, without any knowledge of its concrete shape, we use the inherent low-dimensionality of the solution manifold to obtain approximation rates which are significantly superior to those provided by classical neural network approximation results. Concretely, we use the existence of a small reduced basis to construct, for a large variety of parametric partial differential equations, neural networks that yield approximations of the parametric solution maps in such a way that the sizes of these networks essentially only depend on the size of the reduced basis.	A Theoretical Analysis of Deep Neural Networks and Parametric PDEs  We derive upper bounds on the complexity of ReLU neural networks approximating the solution maps of parametric partial differential equations. In particular, without any knowledge of its concrete shape, we use the inherent low-dimensionality of the solution manifold to obtain approximation rates which are significantly superior to those provided by classical neural network approximation results. Concretely, we use the existence of a small reduced basis to construct, for a large variety of parametric partial differential equations, neural networks that yield approximations of the parametric solution maps in such a way that the sizes of these networks essentially only depend on the size of the reduced basis.	341
How can the filters used in Convolutional Neural Networks be optimized or reduced in size?	Binary Stochastic Filtering: a Method for Neural Network Size   Minimization and Supervised Feature Selection  Binary Stochastic Filtering (BSF), the algorithm for feature selection and neuron pruning is proposed in this work. The method defines filtering layer which penalizes amount of the information involved in the training process. This information could be the input data or output of the previous layer, which directly leads to the feature selection or neuron pruning respectively, producing \textit{ad hoc} subset of features or selecting optimal number of neurons in each layer. Filtering layer stochastically passes or drops features based on individual weights, which are tuned with standard backpropagation algorithm during the training process. Multifold decrease of neural network size has been achieved in the experiments. Besides, the method was able to select minimal number of features, surpassing literature references by the accuracy/dimensionality ratio.	Binary Stochastic Filtering: a Method for Neural Network Size   Minimization and Supervised Feature Selection  Binary Stochastic Filtering (BSF), the algorithm for feature selection and neuron pruning is proposed in this work. The method defines filtering layer which penalizes amount of the information involved in the training process. This information could be the input data or output of the previous layer, which directly leads to the feature selection or neuron pruning respectively, producing \textit{ad hoc} subset of features or selecting optimal number of neurons in each layer. Filtering layer stochastically passes or drops features based on individual weights, which are tuned with standard backpropagation algorithm during the training process. Multifold decrease of neural network size has been achieved in the experiments. Besides, the method was able to select minimal number of features, surpassing literature references by the accuracy/dimensionality ratio.	302
Is the number of hidden layers in a convolutional neural network dependent on size of data set?	Network-size independent covering number bounds for deep networks  We give a covering number bound for deep learning networks that is independent of the size of the network. The key for the simple analysis is that for linear classifiers, rotating the data doesn't affect the covering number. Thus, we can ignore the rotation part of each layer's linear transformation, and get the covering number bound by concentrating on the scaling part.	Network-size independent covering number bounds for deep networks  We give a covering number bound for deep learning networks that is independent of the size of the network. The key for the simple analysis is that for linear classifiers, rotating the data doesn't affect the covering number. Thus, we can ignore the rotation part of each layer's linear transformation, and get the covering number bound by concentrating on the scaling part.	296
Is the number of hidden layers in a convolutional neural network dependent on size of data set?	Accelerating Large-Kernel Convolution Using Summed-Area Tables  Expanding the receptive field to capture large-scale context is key to obtaining good performance in dense prediction tasks, such as human pose estimation. While many state-of-the-art fully-convolutional architectures enlarge the receptive field by reducing resolution using strided convolution or pooling layers, the most straightforward strategy is adopting large filters. This, however, is costly because of the quadratic increase in the number of parameters and multiply-add operations. In this work, we explore using learnable box filters to allow for convolution with arbitrarily large kernel size, while keeping the number of parameters per filter constant. In addition, we use precomputed summed-area tables to make the computational cost of convolution independent of the filter size. We adapt and incorporate the box filter as a differentiable module in a fully-convolutional neural network, and demonstrate its competitive performance on popular benchmarks for the task of human pose estimation.	Accelerating Large-Kernel Convolution Using Summed-Area Tables  Expanding the receptive field to capture large-scale context is key to obtaining good performance in dense prediction tasks, such as human pose estimation. While many state-of-the-art fully-convolutional architectures enlarge the receptive field by reducing resolution using strided convolution or pooling layers, the most straightforward strategy is adopting large filters. This, however, is costly because of the quadratic increase in the number of parameters and multiply-add operations. In this work, we explore using learnable box filters to allow for convolution with arbitrarily large kernel size, while keeping the number of parameters per filter constant. In addition, we use precomputed summed-area tables to make the computational cost of convolution independent of the filter size. We adapt and incorporate the box filter as a differentiable module in a fully-convolutional neural network, and demonstrate its competitive performance on popular benchmarks for the task of human pose estimation.	377
Is the number of hidden layers in a convolutional neural network dependent on size of data set?	On the rate of convergence of fully connected very deep neural network   regression estimates  Recent results in nonparametric regression show that deep learning, i.e., neural network estimates with many hidden layers, are able to circumvent the so-called curse of dimensionality in case that suitable restrictions on the structure of the regression function hold. One key feature of the neural networks used in these results is that their network architecture has a further constraint, namely the network sparsity. In this paper we show that we can get similar results also for least squares estimates based on simple fully connected neural networks with ReLU activation functions. Here either the number of neurons per hidden layer is fixed and the number of hidden layers tends to infinity suitably fast for sample size tending to infinity, or the number of hidden layers is bounded by some logarithmic factor in the sample size and the number of neurons per hidden layer tends to infinity suitably fast for sample size tending to infinity. The proof is based on new approximation results concerning deep neural networks.	On the rate of convergence of fully connected very deep neural network   regression estimates  Recent results in nonparametric regression show that deep learning, i.e., neural network estimates with many hidden layers, are able to circumvent the so-called curse of dimensionality in case that suitable restrictions on the structure of the regression function hold. One key feature of the neural networks used in these results is that their network architecture has a further constraint, namely the network sparsity. In this paper we show that we can get similar results also for least squares estimates based on simple fully connected neural networks with ReLU activation functions. Here either the number of neurons per hidden layer is fixed and the number of hidden layers tends to infinity suitably fast for sample size tending to infinity, or the number of hidden layers is bounded by some logarithmic factor in the sample size and the number of neurons per hidden layer tends to infinity suitably fast for sample size tending to infinity. The proof is based on new approximation results concerning deep neural networks.	357
Is the number of hidden layers in a convolutional neural network dependent on size of data set?	On improving deep learning generalization with adaptive sparse   connectivity  Large neural networks are very successful in various tasks. However, with limited data, the generalization capabilities of deep neural networks are also very limited. In this paper, we empirically start showing that intrinsically sparse neural networks with adaptive sparse connectivity, which by design have a strict parameter budget during the training phase, have better generalization capabilities than their fully-connected counterparts. Besides this, we propose a new technique to train these sparse models by combining the Sparse Evolutionary Training (SET) procedure with neurons pruning. Operated on MultiLayer Perceptron (MLP) and tested on 15 datasets, our proposed technique zeros out around 50% of the hidden neurons during training, while having a linear number of parameters to optimize with respect to the number of neurons. The results show a competitive classification and generalization performance.	On improving deep learning generalization with adaptive sparse   connectivity  Large neural networks are very successful in various tasks. However, with limited data, the generalization capabilities of deep neural networks are also very limited. In this paper, we empirically start showing that intrinsically sparse neural networks with adaptive sparse connectivity, which by design have a strict parameter budget during the training phase, have better generalization capabilities than their fully-connected counterparts. Besides this, we propose a new technique to train these sparse models by combining the Sparse Evolutionary Training (SET) procedure with neurons pruning. Operated on MultiLayer Perceptron (MLP) and tested on 15 datasets, our proposed technique zeros out around 50% of the hidden neurons during training, while having a linear number of parameters to optimize with respect to the number of neurons. The results show a competitive classification and generalization performance.	380
Is the number of hidden layers in a convolutional neural network dependent on size of data set?	Scaling up deep neural networks: a capacity allocation perspective  Following the recent work on capacity allocation, we formulate the conjecture that the shattering problem in deep neural networks can only be avoided if the capacity propagation through layers has a non-degenerate continuous limit when the number of layers tends to infinity. This allows us to study a number of commonly used architectures and determine which scaling relations should be enforced in practice as the number of layers grows large. In particular, we recover the conditions of Xavier initialization in the multi-channel case, and we find that weights and biases should be scaled down as the inverse square root of the number of layers for deep residual networks and as the inverse square root of the desired memory length for recurrent networks.	Scaling up deep neural networks: a capacity allocation perspective  Following the recent work on capacity allocation, we formulate the conjecture that the shattering problem in deep neural networks can only be avoided if the capacity propagation through layers has a non-degenerate continuous limit when the number of layers tends to infinity. This allows us to study a number of commonly used architectures and determine which scaling relations should be enforced in practice as the number of layers grows large. In particular, we recover the conditions of Xavier initialization in the multi-channel case, and we find that weights and biases should be scaled down as the inverse square root of the number of layers for deep residual networks and as the inverse square root of the desired memory length for recurrent networks.	381
How can convolutional neural networks be used for non-image data?	Deep Structured Prediction with Nonlinear Output Transformations  Deep structured models are widely used for tasks like semantic segmentation, where explicit correlations between variables provide important prior information which generally helps to reduce the data needs of deep nets. However, current deep structured models are restricted by oftentimes very local neighborhood structure, which cannot be increased for computational complexity reasons, and by the fact that the output configuration, or a representation thereof, cannot be transformed further. Very recent approaches which address those issues include graphical model inference inside deep nets so as to permit subsequent non-linear output space transformations. However, optimization of those formulations is challenging and not well understood. Here, we develop a novel model which generalizes existing approaches, such as structured prediction energy networks, and discuss a formulation which maintains applicability of existing inference techniques.	Deep Structured Prediction with Nonlinear Output Transformations  Deep structured models are widely used for tasks like semantic segmentation, where explicit correlations between variables provide important prior information which generally helps to reduce the data needs of deep nets. However, current deep structured models are restricted by oftentimes very local neighborhood structure, which cannot be increased for computational complexity reasons, and by the fact that the output configuration, or a representation thereof, cannot be transformed further. Very recent approaches which address those issues include graphical model inference inside deep nets so as to permit subsequent non-linear output space transformations. However, optimization of those formulations is challenging and not well understood. Here, we develop a novel model which generalizes existing approaches, such as structured prediction energy networks, and discuss a formulation which maintains applicability of existing inference techniques.	399
How can convolutional neural networks be used for non-image data?	Recurrent Models of Visual Attention  Applying convolutional neural networks to large images is computationally expensive because the amount of computation scales linearly with the number of image pixels. We present a novel recurrent neural network model that is capable of extracting information from an image or video by adaptively selecting a sequence of regions or locations and only processing the selected regions at high resolution. Like convolutional neural networks, the proposed model has a degree of translation invariance built-in, but the amount of computation it performs can be controlled independently of the input image size. While the model is non-differentiable, it can be trained using reinforcement learning methods to learn task-specific policies. We evaluate our model on several image classification tasks, where it significantly outperforms a convolutional neural network baseline on cluttered images, and on a dynamic visual control problem, where it learns to track a simple object without an explicit training signal for doing so.	Recurrent Models of Visual Attention  Applying convolutional neural networks to large images is computationally expensive because the amount of computation scales linearly with the number of image pixels. We present a novel recurrent neural network model that is capable of extracting information from an image or video by adaptively selecting a sequence of regions or locations and only processing the selected regions at high resolution. Like convolutional neural networks, the proposed model has a degree of translation invariance built-in, but the amount of computation it performs can be controlled independently of the input image size. While the model is non-differentiable, it can be trained using reinforcement learning methods to learn task-specific policies. We evaluate our model on several image classification tasks, where it significantly outperforms a convolutional neural network baseline on cluttered images, and on a dynamic visual control problem, where it learns to track a simple object without an explicit training signal for doing so.	378
How can convolutional neural networks be used for non-image data?	Tight Semi-Nonnegative Matrix Factorization  The nonnegative matrix factorization is a widely used, flexible matrix decomposition, finding applications in biology, image and signal processing and information retrieval, among other areas. Here we present a related matrix factorization. A multi-objective optimization problem finds conical combinations of templates that approximate a given data matrix. The templates are chosen so that as far as possible only the initial data set can be represented this way. However, the templates are not required to be nonnegative nor convex combinations of the original data.	Tight Semi-Nonnegative Matrix Factorization  The nonnegative matrix factorization is a widely used, flexible matrix decomposition, finding applications in biology, image and signal processing and information retrieval, among other areas. Here we present a related matrix factorization. A multi-objective optimization problem finds conical combinations of templates that approximate a given data matrix. The templates are chosen so that as far as possible only the initial data set can be represented this way. However, the templates are not required to be nonnegative nor convex combinations of the original data.	375
How can convolutional neural networks be used for non-image data?	Neural Nearest Neighbors Networks  Non-local methods exploiting the self-similarity of natural signals have been well studied, for example in image analysis and restoration. Existing approaches, however, rely on k-nearest neighbors (KNN) matching in a fixed feature space. The main hurdle in optimizing this feature space w.r.t. application performance is the non-differentiability of the KNN selection rule. To overcome this, we propose a continuous deterministic relaxation of KNN selection that maintains differentiability w.r.t. pairwise distances, but retains the original KNN as the limit of a temperature parameter approaching zero. To exploit our relaxation, we propose the neural nearest neighbors block (N3 block), a novel non-local processing layer that leverages the principle of self-similarity and can be used as building block in modern neural network architectures. We show its effectiveness for the set reasoning task of correspondence classification as well as for image restoration, including image denoising and single image super-resolution, where we outperform strong convolutional neural network (CNN) baselines and recent non-local models that rely on KNN selection in hand-chosen features spaces.	Neural Nearest Neighbors Networks  Non-local methods exploiting the self-similarity of natural signals have been well studied, for example in image analysis and restoration. Existing approaches, however, rely on k-nearest neighbors (KNN) matching in a fixed feature space. The main hurdle in optimizing this feature space w.r.t. application performance is the non-differentiability of the KNN selection rule. To overcome this, we propose a continuous deterministic relaxation of KNN selection that maintains differentiability w.r.t. pairwise distances, but retains the original KNN as the limit of a temperature parameter approaching zero. To exploit our relaxation, we propose the neural nearest neighbors block (N3 block), a novel non-local processing layer that leverages the principle of self-similarity and can be used as building block in modern neural network architectures. We show its effectiveness for the set reasoning task of correspondence classification as well as for image restoration, including image denoising and single image super-resolution, where we outperform strong convolutional neural network (CNN) baselines and recent non-local models that rely on KNN selection in hand-chosen features spaces.	393
How can convolutional neural networks be used for non-image data?	An Out-of-the-box Full-network Embedding for Convolutional Neural   Networks  Transfer learning for feature extraction can be used to exploit deep representations in contexts where there is very few training data, where there are limited computational resources, or when tuning the hyper-parameters needed for training is not an option. While previous contributions to feature extraction propose embeddings based on a single layer of the network, in this paper we propose a full-network embedding which successfully integrates convolutional and fully connected features, coming from all layers of a deep convolutional neural network. To do so, the embedding normalizes features in the context of the problem, and discretizes their values to reduce noise and regularize the embedding space. Significantly, this also reduces the computational cost of processing the resultant representations. The proposed method is shown to outperform single layer embeddings on several image classification tasks, while also being more robust to the choice of the pre-trained model used for obtaining the initial features. The performance gap in classification accuracy between thoroughly tuned solutions and the full-network embedding is also reduced, which makes of the proposed approach a competitive solution for a large set of applications.	An Out-of-the-box Full-network Embedding for Convolutional Neural   Networks  Transfer learning for feature extraction can be used to exploit deep representations in contexts where there is very few training data, where there are limited computational resources, or when tuning the hyper-parameters needed for training is not an option. While previous contributions to feature extraction propose embeddings based on a single layer of the network, in this paper we propose a full-network embedding which successfully integrates convolutional and fully connected features, coming from all layers of a deep convolutional neural network. To do so, the embedding normalizes features in the context of the problem, and discretizes their values to reduce noise and regularize the embedding space. Significantly, this also reduces the computational cost of processing the resultant representations. The proposed method is shown to outperform single layer embeddings on several image classification tasks, while also being more robust to the choice of the pre-trained model used for obtaining the initial features. The performance gap in classification accuracy between thoroughly tuned solutions and the full-network embedding is also reduced, which makes of the proposed approach a competitive solution for a large set of applications.	391
Can I use Convolution neural network to classify small number of data, 668 images?	Network-size independent covering number bounds for deep networks  We give a covering number bound for deep learning networks that is independent of the size of the network. The key for the simple analysis is that for linear classifiers, rotating the data doesn't affect the covering number. Thus, we can ignore the rotation part of each layer's linear transformation, and get the covering number bound by concentrating on the scaling part.	Network-size independent covering number bounds for deep networks  We give a covering number bound for deep learning networks that is independent of the size of the network. The key for the simple analysis is that for linear classifiers, rotating the data doesn't affect the covering number. Thus, we can ignore the rotation part of each layer's linear transformation, and get the covering number bound by concentrating on the scaling part.	409
Can I use Convolution neural network to classify small number of data, 668 images?	Visual Concept Recognition and Localization via Iterative Introspection  Convolutional neural networks have been shown to develop internal representations, which correspond closely to semantically meaningful objects and parts, although trained solely on class labels. Class Activation Mapping (CAM) is a recent method that makes it possible to easily highlight the image regions contributing to a network's classification decision. We build upon these two developments to enable a network to re-examine informative image regions, which we term introspection. We propose a weakly-supervised iterative scheme, which shifts its center of attention to increasingly discriminative regions as it progresses, by alternating stages of classification and introspection. We evaluate our method and show its effectiveness over a range of several datasets, where we obtain competitive or state-of-the-art results: on Stanford-40 Actions, we set a new state-of the art of 81.74%. On FGVC-Aircraft and the Stanford Dogs dataset, we show consistent improvements over baselines, some of which include significantly more supervision.	Visual Concept Recognition and Localization via Iterative Introspection  Convolutional neural networks have been shown to develop internal representations, which correspond closely to semantically meaningful objects and parts, although trained solely on class labels. Class Activation Mapping (CAM) is a recent method that makes it possible to easily highlight the image regions contributing to a network's classification decision. We build upon these two developments to enable a network to re-examine informative image regions, which we term introspection. We propose a weakly-supervised iterative scheme, which shifts its center of attention to increasingly discriminative regions as it progresses, by alternating stages of classification and introspection. We evaluate our method and show its effectiveness over a range of several datasets, where we obtain competitive or state-of-the-art results: on Stanford-40 Actions, we set a new state-of the art of 81.74%. On FGVC-Aircraft and the Stanford Dogs dataset, we show consistent improvements over baselines, some of which include significantly more supervision.	402
Can I use Convolution neural network to classify small number of data, 668 images?	Dataset Distillation  Model distillation aims to distill the knowledge of a complex model into a simpler one. In this paper, we consider an alternative formulation called dataset distillation: we keep the model fixed and instead attempt to distill the knowledge from a large training dataset into a small one. The idea is to synthesize a small number of data points that do not need to come from the correct data distribution, but will, when given to the learning algorithm as training data, approximate the model trained on the original data. For example, we show that it is possible to compress 60,000 MNIST training images into just 10 synthetic distilled images (one per class) and achieve close to original performance with only a few gradient descent steps, given a fixed network initialization. We evaluate our method in various initialization settings and with different learning objectives. Experiments on multiple datasets show the advantage of our approach compared to alternative methods.	Dataset Distillation  Model distillation aims to distill the knowledge of a complex model into a simpler one. In this paper, we consider an alternative formulation called dataset distillation: we keep the model fixed and instead attempt to distill the knowledge from a large training dataset into a small one. The idea is to synthesize a small number of data points that do not need to come from the correct data distribution, but will, when given to the learning algorithm as training data, approximate the model trained on the original data. For example, we show that it is possible to compress 60,000 MNIST training images into just 10 synthetic distilled images (one per class) and achieve close to original performance with only a few gradient descent steps, given a fixed network initialization. We evaluate our method in various initialization settings and with different learning objectives. Experiments on multiple datasets show the advantage of our approach compared to alternative methods.	402
Can I use Convolution neural network to classify small number of data, 668 images?	Convolutional-Recurrent Neural Networks on Low-Power Wearable Platforms   for Cardiac Arrhythmia Detection  Low-power sensing technologies, such as wearables, have emerged in the healthcare domain since they enable continuous and non-invasive monitoring of physiological signals. In order to endow such devices with clinical value, classical signal processing has encountered numerous challenges. However, data-driven methods, such as machine learning, offer attractive accuracies at the expense of being resource and memory demanding. In this paper, we focus on the inference of neural networks running in microcontrollers and low-power processors which wearable sensors and devices are generally equipped with. In particular, we adapted an existing convolutional-recurrent neural network, designed to detect and classify cardiac arrhythmias from a single-lead electrocardiogram, to the low-power embedded System-on-Chip nRF52 from Nordic Semiconductor with an ARM's Cortex-M4 processing core. We show our implementation in fixed-point precision, using the CMSIS-NN libraries, yields a drop of $F_1$ score from 0.8 to 0.784, from the original implementation, with a memory footprint of 195.6KB, and a throughput of 33.98MOps/s.	Convolutional-Recurrent Neural Networks on Low-Power Wearable Platforms   for Cardiac Arrhythmia Detection  Low-power sensing technologies, such as wearables, have emerged in the healthcare domain since they enable continuous and non-invasive monitoring of physiological signals. In order to endow such devices with clinical value, classical signal processing has encountered numerous challenges. However, data-driven methods, such as machine learning, offer attractive accuracies at the expense of being resource and memory demanding. In this paper, we focus on the inference of neural networks running in microcontrollers and low-power processors which wearable sensors and devices are generally equipped with. In particular, we adapted an existing convolutional-recurrent neural network, designed to detect and classify cardiac arrhythmias from a single-lead electrocardiogram, to the low-power embedded System-on-Chip nRF52 from Nordic Semiconductor with an ARM's Cortex-M4 processing core. We show our implementation in fixed-point precision, using the CMSIS-NN libraries, yields a drop of $F_1$ score from 0.8 to 0.784, from the original implementation, with a memory footprint of 195.6KB, and a throughput of 33.98MOps/s.	406
Can I use Convolution neural network to classify small number of data, 668 images?	Semantic Relation Classification via Convolutional Neural Networks with   Simple Negative Sampling  Syntactic features play an essential role in identifying relationship in a sentence. Previous neural network models often suffer from irrelevant information introduced when subjects and objects are in a long distance. In this paper, we propose to learn more robust relation representations from the shortest dependency path through a convolution neural network. We further propose a straightforward negative sampling strategy to improve the assignment of subjects and objects. Experimental results show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on the SemEval-2010 Task 8 dataset.	Semantic Relation Classification via Convolutional Neural Networks with   Simple Negative Sampling  Syntactic features play an essential role in identifying relationship in a sentence. Previous neural network models often suffer from irrelevant information introduced when subjects and objects are in a long distance. In this paper, we propose to learn more robust relation representations from the shortest dependency path through a convolution neural network. We further propose a straightforward negative sampling strategy to improve the assignment of subjects and objects. Experimental results show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on the SemEval-2010 Task 8 dataset.	411
Why are CNNs better at classification than RNNs?	CNN features are also great at unsupervised classification  This paper aims at providing insight on the transferability of deep CNN features to unsupervised problems. We study the impact of different pretrained CNN feature extractors on the problem of image set clustering for object classification as well as fine-grained classification. We propose a rather straightforward pipeline combining deep-feature extraction using a CNN pretrained on ImageNet and a classic clustering algorithm to classify sets of images. This approach is compared to state-of-the-art algorithms in image-clustering and provides better results. These results strengthen the belief that supervised training of deep CNN on large datasets, with a large variability of classes, extracts better features than most carefully designed engineering approaches, even for unsupervised tasks. We also validate our approach on a robotic application, consisting in sorting and storing objects smartly based on clustering.	CNN features are also great at unsupervised classification  This paper aims at providing insight on the transferability of deep CNN features to unsupervised problems. We study the impact of different pretrained CNN feature extractors on the problem of image set clustering for object classification as well as fine-grained classification. We propose a rather straightforward pipeline combining deep-feature extraction using a CNN pretrained on ImageNet and a classic clustering algorithm to classify sets of images. This approach is compared to state-of-the-art algorithms in image-clustering and provides better results. These results strengthen the belief that supervised training of deep CNN on large datasets, with a large variability of classes, extracts better features than most carefully designed engineering approaches, even for unsupervised tasks. We also validate our approach on a robotic application, consisting in sorting and storing objects smartly based on clustering.	385
Why are CNNs better at classification than RNNs?	Combined convolutional and recurrent neural networks for hierarchical   classification of images  Deep learning models based on CNNs are predominantly used in image classification tasks. Such approaches, assuming independence of object categories, normally use a CNN as a feature learner and apply a flat classifier on top of it. Object classes in many settings have hierarchical relations, and classifiers exploiting these relations should perform better. We propose hierarchical classification models combining a CNN to extract hierarchical representations of images, and an RNN or sequence-to-sequence model to capture a hierarchical tree of classes. In addition, we apply residual learning to the RNN part in oder to facilitate training our compound model and improve generalization of the model. Experimental results on a real world proprietary dataset of images show that our hierarchical networks perform better than state-of-the-art CNNs.	Combined convolutional and recurrent neural networks for hierarchical   classification of images  Deep learning models based on CNNs are predominantly used in image classification tasks. Such approaches, assuming independence of object categories, normally use a CNN as a feature learner and apply a flat classifier on top of it. Object classes in many settings have hierarchical relations, and classifiers exploiting these relations should perform better. We propose hierarchical classification models combining a CNN to extract hierarchical representations of images, and an RNN or sequence-to-sequence model to capture a hierarchical tree of classes. In addition, we apply residual learning to the RNN part in oder to facilitate training our compound model and improve generalization of the model. Experimental results on a real world proprietary dataset of images show that our hierarchical networks perform better than state-of-the-art CNNs.	385
Why are CNNs better at classification than RNNs?	Interpretable CNNs for Object Classification  This paper proposes a generic method to learn interpretable convolutional filters in a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) for object classification, where each interpretable filter encodes features of a specific object part. Our method does not require additional annotations of object parts or textures for supervision. Instead, we use the same training data as traditional CNNs. Our method automatically assigns each interpretable filter in a high conv-layer with an object part of a certain category during the learning process. Such explicit knowledge representations in conv-layers of CNN help people clarify the logic encoded in the CNN, i.e., answering what patterns the CNN extracts from an input image and uses for prediction. We have tested our method using different benchmark CNNs with various structures to demonstrate the broad applicability of our method. Experiments have shown that our interpretable filters are much more semantically meaningful than traditional filters.	Interpretable CNNs for Object Classification  This paper proposes a generic method to learn interpretable convolutional filters in a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) for object classification, where each interpretable filter encodes features of a specific object part. Our method does not require additional annotations of object parts or textures for supervision. Instead, we use the same training data as traditional CNNs. Our method automatically assigns each interpretable filter in a high conv-layer with an object part of a certain category during the learning process. Such explicit knowledge representations in conv-layers of CNN help people clarify the logic encoded in the CNN, i.e., answering what patterns the CNN extracts from an input image and uses for prediction. We have tested our method using different benchmark CNNs with various structures to demonstrate the broad applicability of our method. Experiments have shown that our interpretable filters are much more semantically meaningful than traditional filters.	397
Why are CNNs better at classification than RNNs?	Teaching Compositionality to CNNs  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown great success in computer vision, approaching human-level performance when trained for specific tasks via application-specific loss functions. In this paper, we propose a method for augmenting and training CNNs so that their learned features are compositional. It encourages networks to form representations that disentangle objects from their surroundings and from each other, thereby promoting better generalization. Our method is agnostic to the specific details of the underlying CNN to which it is applied and can in principle be used with any CNN. As we show in our experiments, the learned representations lead to feature activations that are more localized and improve performance over non-compositional baselines in object recognition tasks.	Teaching Compositionality to CNNs  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown great success in computer vision, approaching human-level performance when trained for specific tasks via application-specific loss functions. In this paper, we propose a method for augmenting and training CNNs so that their learned features are compositional. It encourages networks to form representations that disentangle objects from their surroundings and from each other, thereby promoting better generalization. Our method is agnostic to the specific details of the underlying CNN to which it is applied and can in principle be used with any CNN. As we show in our experiments, the learned representations lead to feature activations that are more localized and improve performance over non-compositional baselines in object recognition tasks.	366
Why are CNNs better at classification than RNNs?	Grouped Convolutional Neural Networks for Multivariate Time Series  Analyzing multivariate time series data is important for many applications such as automated control, fault diagnosis and anomaly detection. One of the key challenges is to learn latent features automatically from dynamically changing multivariate input. In visual recognition tasks, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successful to learn generalized feature extractors with shared parameters over the spatial domain. However, when high-dimensional multivariate time series is given, designing an appropriate CNN model structure becomes challenging because the kernels may need to be extended through the full dimension of the input volume. To address this issue, we present two structure learning algorithms for deep CNN models. Our algorithms exploit the covariance structure over multiple time series to partition input volume into groups. The first algorithm learns the group CNN structures explicitly by clustering individual input sequences. The second algorithm learns the group CNN structures implicitly from the error backpropagation. In experiments with two real-world datasets, we demonstrate that our group CNNs outperform existing CNN based regression methods.	Grouped Convolutional Neural Networks for Multivariate Time Series  Analyzing multivariate time series data is important for many applications such as automated control, fault diagnosis and anomaly detection. One of the key challenges is to learn latent features automatically from dynamically changing multivariate input. In visual recognition tasks, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successful to learn generalized feature extractors with shared parameters over the spatial domain. However, when high-dimensional multivariate time series is given, designing an appropriate CNN model structure becomes challenging because the kernels may need to be extended through the full dimension of the input volume. To address this issue, we present two structure learning algorithms for deep CNN models. Our algorithms exploit the covariance structure over multiple time series to partition input volume into groups. The first algorithm learns the group CNN structures explicitly by clustering individual input sequences. The second algorithm learns the group CNN structures implicitly from the error backpropagation. In experiments with two real-world datasets, we demonstrate that our group CNNs outperform existing CNN based regression methods.	397
What is the difference between a convolutional neural network and a multilayer perceptron?	A Fully Convolutional Neural Network for Speech Enhancement  In hearing aids, the presence of babble noise degrades hearing intelligibility of human speech greatly. However, removing the babble without creating artifacts in human speech is a challenging task in a low SNR environment. Here, we sought to solve the problem by finding a `mapping' between noisy speech spectra and clean speech spectra via supervised learning. Specifically, we propose using fully Convolutional Neural Networks, which consist of lesser number of parameters than fully connected networks. The proposed network, Redundant Convolutional Encoder Decoder (R-CED), demonstrates that a convolutional network can be 12 times smaller than a recurrent network and yet achieves better performance, which shows its applicability for an embedded system: the hearing aids.	A Fully Convolutional Neural Network for Speech Enhancement  In hearing aids, the presence of babble noise degrades hearing intelligibility of human speech greatly. However, removing the babble without creating artifacts in human speech is a challenging task in a low SNR environment. Here, we sought to solve the problem by finding a `mapping' between noisy speech spectra and clean speech spectra via supervised learning. Specifically, we propose using fully Convolutional Neural Networks, which consist of lesser number of parameters than fully connected networks. The proposed network, Redundant Convolutional Encoder Decoder (R-CED), demonstrates that a convolutional network can be 12 times smaller than a recurrent network and yet achieves better performance, which shows its applicability for an embedded system: the hearing aids.	304
What is the difference between a convolutional neural network and a multilayer perceptron?	Perturbative Neural Networks  Convolutional neural networks are witnessing wide adoption in computer vision systems with numerous applications across a range of visual recognition tasks. Much of this progress is fueled through advances in convolutional neural network architectures and learning algorithms even as the basic premise of a convolutional layer has remained unchanged. In this paper, we seek to revisit the convolutional layer that has been the workhorse of state-of-the-art visual recognition models. We introduce a very simple, yet effective, module called a perturbation layer as an alternative to a convolutional layer. The perturbation layer does away with convolution in the traditional sense and instead computes its response as a weighted linear combination of non-linearly activated additive noise perturbed inputs. We demonstrate both analytically and empirically that this perturbation layer can be an effective replacement for a standard convolutional layer. Empirically, deep neural networks with perturbation layers, called Perturbative Neural Networks (PNNs), in lieu of convolutional layers perform comparably with standard CNNs on a range of visual datasets (MNIST, CIFAR-10, PASCAL VOC, and ImageNet) with fewer parameters.	Perturbative Neural Networks  Convolutional neural networks are witnessing wide adoption in computer vision systems with numerous applications across a range of visual recognition tasks. Much of this progress is fueled through advances in convolutional neural network architectures and learning algorithms even as the basic premise of a convolutional layer has remained unchanged. In this paper, we seek to revisit the convolutional layer that has been the workhorse of state-of-the-art visual recognition models. We introduce a very simple, yet effective, module called a perturbation layer as an alternative to a convolutional layer. The perturbation layer does away with convolution in the traditional sense and instead computes its response as a weighted linear combination of non-linearly activated additive noise perturbed inputs. We demonstrate both analytically and empirically that this perturbation layer can be an effective replacement for a standard convolutional layer. Empirically, deep neural networks with perturbation layers, called Perturbative Neural Networks (PNNs), in lieu of convolutional layers perform comparably with standard CNNs on a range of visual datasets (MNIST, CIFAR-10, PASCAL VOC, and ImageNet) with fewer parameters.	297
What is the difference between a convolutional neural network and a multilayer perceptron?	NPTC-net: Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolutional Neural Network on   Point Clouds  Convolution plays a crucial role in various applications in signal and image processing, analysis, and recognition. It is also the main building block of convolution neural networks (CNNs). Designing appropriate convolution neural networks on manifold-structured point clouds can inherit and empower recent advances of CNNs to analyzing and processing point cloud data. However, one of the major challenges is to define a proper way to "sweep" filters through the point cloud as a natural generalization of the planar convolution and to reflect the point cloud's geometry at the same time. In this paper, we consider generalizing convolution by adapting parallel transport on the point cloud. Inspired by a triangulated surface-based method [Stefan C. Schonsheck, Bin Dong, and Rongjie Lai, arXiv:1805.07857.], we propose the Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolution (NPTC) using a specifically defined connection on a voxel-based narrow-band approximation of point cloud data. With that, we further propose a deep convolutional neural network based on NPTC (called NPTC-net) for point cloud classification and segmentation. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed NPTC-net achieves similar or better results than current state-of-the-art methods on point cloud classification and segmentation.	NPTC-net: Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolutional Neural Network on   Point Clouds  Convolution plays a crucial role in various applications in signal and image processing, analysis, and recognition. It is also the main building block of convolution neural networks (CNNs). Designing appropriate convolution neural networks on manifold-structured point clouds can inherit and empower recent advances of CNNs to analyzing and processing point cloud data. However, one of the major challenges is to define a proper way to "sweep" filters through the point cloud as a natural generalization of the planar convolution and to reflect the point cloud's geometry at the same time. In this paper, we consider generalizing convolution by adapting parallel transport on the point cloud. Inspired by a triangulated surface-based method [Stefan C. Schonsheck, Bin Dong, and Rongjie Lai, arXiv:1805.07857.], we propose the Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolution (NPTC) using a specifically defined connection on a voxel-based narrow-band approximation of point cloud data. With that, we further propose a deep convolutional neural network based on NPTC (called NPTC-net) for point cloud classification and segmentation. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed NPTC-net achieves similar or better results than current state-of-the-art methods on point cloud classification and segmentation.	286
What is the difference between a convolutional neural network and a multilayer perceptron?	A Gaussian Process perspective on Convolutional Neural Networks  In this paper we cast the well-known convolutional neural network in a Gaussian process perspective. In this way we hope to gain additional insights into the performance of convolutional networks, in particular understand under what circumstances they tend to perform well and what assumptions are implicitly made in the network. While for fully-connected networks the properties of convergence to Gaussian processes have been studied extensively, little is known about situations in which the output from a convolutional network approaches a multivariate normal distribution.	A Gaussian Process perspective on Convolutional Neural Networks  In this paper we cast the well-known convolutional neural network in a Gaussian process perspective. In this way we hope to gain additional insights into the performance of convolutional networks, in particular understand under what circumstances they tend to perform well and what assumptions are implicitly made in the network. While for fully-connected networks the properties of convergence to Gaussian processes have been studied extensively, little is known about situations in which the output from a convolutional network approaches a multivariate normal distribution.	298
What is the difference between a convolutional neural network and a multilayer perceptron?	Neural Nets via Forward State Transformation and Backward Loss   Transformation  This article studies (multilayer perceptron) neural networks with an emphasis on the transformations involved --- both forward and backward --- in order to develop a semantical/logical perspective that is in line with standard program semantics. The common two-pass neural network training algorithms make this viewpoint particularly fitting. In the forward direction, neural networks act as state transformers. In the reverse direction, however, neural networks change losses of outputs to losses of inputs, thereby acting like a (real-valued) predicate transformer. In this way, backpropagation is functorial by construction, as shown earlier in recent other work. We illustrate this perspective by training a simple instance of a neural network.	Neural Nets via Forward State Transformation and Backward Loss   Transformation  This article studies (multilayer perceptron) neural networks with an emphasis on the transformations involved --- both forward and backward --- in order to develop a semantical/logical perspective that is in line with standard program semantics. The common two-pass neural network training algorithms make this viewpoint particularly fitting. In the forward direction, neural networks act as state transformers. In the reverse direction, however, neural networks change losses of outputs to losses of inputs, thereby acting like a (real-valued) predicate transformer. In this way, backpropagation is functorial by construction, as shown earlier in recent other work. We illustrate this perspective by training a simple instance of a neural network.	300
What makes convolutional neural network architectures different?	Neural system identification for large populations separating "what" and   "where"  Neuroscientists classify neurons into different types that perform similar computations at different locations in the visual field. Traditional methods for neural system identification do not capitalize on this separation of 'what' and 'where'. Learning deep convolutional feature spaces that are shared among many neurons provides an exciting path forward, but the architectural design needs to account for data limitations: While new experimental techniques enable recordings from thousands of neurons, experimental time is limited so that one can sample only a small fraction of each neuron's response space. Here, we show that a major bottleneck for fitting convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to neural data is the estimation of the individual receptive field locations, a problem that has been scratched only at the surface thus far. We propose a CNN architecture with a sparse readout layer factorizing the spatial (where) and feature (what) dimensions. Our network scales well to thousands of neurons and short recordings and can be trained end-to-end. We evaluate this architecture on ground-truth data to explore the challenges and limitations of CNN-based system identification. Moreover, we show that our network model outperforms current state-of-the art system identification models of mouse primary visual cortex.	Neural system identification for large populations separating "what" and   "where"  Neuroscientists classify neurons into different types that perform similar computations at different locations in the visual field. Traditional methods for neural system identification do not capitalize on this separation of 'what' and 'where'. Learning deep convolutional feature spaces that are shared among many neurons provides an exciting path forward, but the architectural design needs to account for data limitations: While new experimental techniques enable recordings from thousands of neurons, experimental time is limited so that one can sample only a small fraction of each neuron's response space. Here, we show that a major bottleneck for fitting convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to neural data is the estimation of the individual receptive field locations, a problem that has been scratched only at the surface thus far. We propose a CNN architecture with a sparse readout layer factorizing the spatial (where) and feature (what) dimensions. Our network scales well to thousands of neurons and short recordings and can be trained end-to-end. We evaluate this architecture on ground-truth data to explore the challenges and limitations of CNN-based system identification. Moreover, we show that our network model outperforms current state-of-the art system identification models of mouse primary visual cortex.	321
What makes convolutional neural network architectures different?	TopoAct: Visually Exploring the Shape of Activations in Deep Learning  Deep neural networks such as GoogLeNet, ResNet, and BERT have achieved impressive performance in tasks such as image and text classification. To understand how such performance is achieved, we probe a trained deep neural network by studying neuron activations, i.e., combinations of neuron firings, at various layers of the network in response to a particular input. With a large number of inputs, we aim to obtain a global view of what neurons detect by studying their activations. In particular, we develop visualizations that show the shape of the activation space, the organizational principle behind neuron activations, and the relationships of these activations within a layer. Applying tools from topological data analysis, we present TopoAct, a visual exploration system to study topological summaries of activation vectors. We present exploration scenarios using TopoAct that provide valuable insights into learned representations of neural networks. We expect TopoAct to give a topological perspective that enriches the current toolbox of neural network analysis, and to provide a basis for network architecture diagnosis and data anomaly detection.	TopoAct: Visually Exploring the Shape of Activations in Deep Learning  Deep neural networks such as GoogLeNet, ResNet, and BERT have achieved impressive performance in tasks such as image and text classification. To understand how such performance is achieved, we probe a trained deep neural network by studying neuron activations, i.e., combinations of neuron firings, at various layers of the network in response to a particular input. With a large number of inputs, we aim to obtain a global view of what neurons detect by studying their activations. In particular, we develop visualizations that show the shape of the activation space, the organizational principle behind neuron activations, and the relationships of these activations within a layer. Applying tools from topological data analysis, we present TopoAct, a visual exploration system to study topological summaries of activation vectors. We present exploration scenarios using TopoAct that provide valuable insights into learned representations of neural networks. We expect TopoAct to give a topological perspective that enriches the current toolbox of neural network analysis, and to provide a basis for network architecture diagnosis and data anomaly detection.	324
What makes convolutional neural network architectures different?	NPTC-net: Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolutional Neural Network on   Point Clouds  Convolution plays a crucial role in various applications in signal and image processing, analysis, and recognition. It is also the main building block of convolution neural networks (CNNs). Designing appropriate convolution neural networks on manifold-structured point clouds can inherit and empower recent advances of CNNs to analyzing and processing point cloud data. However, one of the major challenges is to define a proper way to "sweep" filters through the point cloud as a natural generalization of the planar convolution and to reflect the point cloud's geometry at the same time. In this paper, we consider generalizing convolution by adapting parallel transport on the point cloud. Inspired by a triangulated surface-based method [Stefan C. Schonsheck, Bin Dong, and Rongjie Lai, arXiv:1805.07857.], we propose the Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolution (NPTC) using a specifically defined connection on a voxel-based narrow-band approximation of point cloud data. With that, we further propose a deep convolutional neural network based on NPTC (called NPTC-net) for point cloud classification and segmentation. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed NPTC-net achieves similar or better results than current state-of-the-art methods on point cloud classification and segmentation.	NPTC-net: Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolutional Neural Network on   Point Clouds  Convolution plays a crucial role in various applications in signal and image processing, analysis, and recognition. It is also the main building block of convolution neural networks (CNNs). Designing appropriate convolution neural networks on manifold-structured point clouds can inherit and empower recent advances of CNNs to analyzing and processing point cloud data. However, one of the major challenges is to define a proper way to "sweep" filters through the point cloud as a natural generalization of the planar convolution and to reflect the point cloud's geometry at the same time. In this paper, we consider generalizing convolution by adapting parallel transport on the point cloud. Inspired by a triangulated surface-based method [Stefan C. Schonsheck, Bin Dong, and Rongjie Lai, arXiv:1805.07857.], we propose the Narrow-Band Parallel Transport Convolution (NPTC) using a specifically defined connection on a voxel-based narrow-band approximation of point cloud data. With that, we further propose a deep convolutional neural network based on NPTC (called NPTC-net) for point cloud classification and segmentation. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed NPTC-net achieves similar or better results than current state-of-the-art methods on point cloud classification and segmentation.	316
What makes convolutional neural network architectures different?	Network Deconvolution  Convolution is a central operation in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which applies a kernel to overlapping regions shifted across the image. However, because of the strong correlations in real-world image data, convolutional kernels are in effect re-learning redundant data. In this work, we show that this redundancy has made neural network training challenging, and propose network deconvolution, a procedure which optimally removes pixel-wise and channel-wise correlations before the data is fed into each layer. Network deconvolution can be efficiently calculated at a fraction of the computational cost of a convolution layer. We also show that the deconvolution filters in the first layer of the network resemble the center-surround structure found in biological neurons in the visual regions of the brain. Filtering with such kernels results in a sparse representation, a desired property that has been missing in the training of neural networks. Learning from the sparse representation promotes faster convergence and superior results without the use of batch normalization. We apply our network deconvolution operation to 10 modern neural network models by replacing batch normalization within each. Extensive experiments show that the network deconvolution operation is able to deliver performance improvement in all cases on the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, Cityscapes, and ImageNet datasets.	Network Deconvolution  Convolution is a central operation in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which applies a kernel to overlapping regions shifted across the image. However, because of the strong correlations in real-world image data, convolutional kernels are in effect re-learning redundant data. In this work, we show that this redundancy has made neural network training challenging, and propose network deconvolution, a procedure which optimally removes pixel-wise and channel-wise correlations before the data is fed into each layer. Network deconvolution can be efficiently calculated at a fraction of the computational cost of a convolution layer. We also show that the deconvolution filters in the first layer of the network resemble the center-surround structure found in biological neurons in the visual regions of the brain. Filtering with such kernels results in a sparse representation, a desired property that has been missing in the training of neural networks. Learning from the sparse representation promotes faster convergence and superior results without the use of batch normalization. We apply our network deconvolution operation to 10 modern neural network models by replacing batch normalization within each. Extensive experiments show that the network deconvolution operation is able to deliver performance improvement in all cases on the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, Cityscapes, and ImageNet datasets.	326
What makes convolutional neural network architectures different?	Deep Neural Network Approximation using Tensor Sketching  Deep neural networks are powerful learning models that achieve state-of-the-art performance on many computer vision, speech, and language processing tasks. In this paper, we study a fundamental question that arises when designing deep network architectures: Given a target network architecture can we design a smaller network architecture that approximates the operation of the target network? The question is, in part, motivated by the challenge of parameter reduction (compression) in modern deep neural networks, as the ever increasing storage and memory requirements of these networks pose a problem in resource constrained environments.   In this work, we focus on deep convolutional neural network architectures, and propose a novel randomized tensor sketching technique that we utilize to develop a unified framework for approximating the operation of both the convolutional and fully connected layers. By applying the sketching technique along different tensor dimensions, we design changes to the convolutional and fully connected layers that substantially reduce the number of effective parameters in a network. We show that the resulting smaller network can be trained directly, and has a classification accuracy that is comparable to the original network.	Deep Neural Network Approximation using Tensor Sketching  Deep neural networks are powerful learning models that achieve state-of-the-art performance on many computer vision, speech, and language processing tasks. In this paper, we study a fundamental question that arises when designing deep network architectures: Given a target network architecture can we design a smaller network architecture that approximates the operation of the target network? The question is, in part, motivated by the challenge of parameter reduction (compression) in modern deep neural networks, as the ever increasing storage and memory requirements of these networks pose a problem in resource constrained environments.   In this work, we focus on deep convolutional neural network architectures, and propose a novel randomized tensor sketching technique that we utilize to develop a unified framework for approximating the operation of both the convolutional and fully connected layers. By applying the sketching technique along different tensor dimensions, we design changes to the convolutional and fully connected layers that substantially reduce the number of effective parameters in a network. We show that the resulting smaller network can be trained directly, and has a classification accuracy that is comparable to the original network.	325
Whats an intuitive explanation of 1x1 convolution in ConvNets?	CPWC: Contextual Point Wise Convolution for Object Recognition  Convolutional layers are a major driving force behind the successes of deep learning. Pointwise convolution (PWC) is a 1x1 convolutional filter that is primarily used for parameter reduction. However, the PWC ignores the spatial information around the points it is processing. This design is by choice, in order to reduce the overall parameters and computations. However, we hypothesize that this shortcoming of PWC has a significant impact on the network performance. We propose an alternative design for pointwise convolution, which uses spatial information from the input efficiently. Our design significantly improves the performance of the networks without substantially increasing the number of parameters and computations. We experimentally show that our design results in significant improvement in the performance of the network for classification as well as detection.	CPWC: Contextual Point Wise Convolution for Object Recognition  Convolutional layers are a major driving force behind the successes of deep learning. Pointwise convolution (PWC) is a 1x1 convolutional filter that is primarily used for parameter reduction. However, the PWC ignores the spatial information around the points it is processing. This design is by choice, in order to reduce the overall parameters and computations. However, we hypothesize that this shortcoming of PWC has a significant impact on the network performance. We propose an alternative design for pointwise convolution, which uses spatial information from the input efficiently. Our design significantly improves the performance of the networks without substantially increasing the number of parameters and computations. We experimentally show that our design results in significant improvement in the performance of the network for classification as well as detection.	408
Whats an intuitive explanation of 1x1 convolution in ConvNets?	The Upper Bound on Knots in Neural Networks  Neural networks with rectified linear unit activations are essentially multivariate linear splines. As such, one of many ways to measure the "complexity" or "expressivity" of a neural network is to count the number of knots in the spline model. We study the number of knots in fully-connected feedforward neural networks with rectified linear unit activation functions. We intentionally keep the neural networks very simple, so as to make theoretical analyses more approachable. An induction on the number of layers $l$ reveals a tight upper bound on the number of knots in $\mathbb{R} \to \mathbb{R}^p$ deep neural networks. With $n_i \gg 1$ neurons in layer $i = 1, \dots, l$, the upper bound is approximately $n_1 \dots n_l$. We then show that the exact upper bound is tight, and we demonstrate the upper bound with an example. The purpose of these analyses is to pave a path for understanding the behavior of general $\mathbb{R}^q \to \mathbb{R}^p$ neural networks.	The Upper Bound on Knots in Neural Networks  Neural networks with rectified linear unit activations are essentially multivariate linear splines. As such, one of many ways to measure the "complexity" or "expressivity" of a neural network is to count the number of knots in the spline model. We study the number of knots in fully-connected feedforward neural networks with rectified linear unit activation functions. We intentionally keep the neural networks very simple, so as to make theoretical analyses more approachable. An induction on the number of layers $l$ reveals a tight upper bound on the number of knots in $\mathbb{R} \to \mathbb{R}^p$ deep neural networks. With $n_i \gg 1$ neurons in layer $i = 1, \dots, l$, the upper bound is approximately $n_1 \dots n_l$. We then show that the exact upper bound is tight, and we demonstrate the upper bound with an example. The purpose of these analyses is to pave a path for understanding the behavior of general $\mathbb{R}^q \to \mathbb{R}^p$ neural networks.	457
Whats an intuitive explanation of 1x1 convolution in ConvNets?	Robust polynomial regression up to the information theoretic limit  We consider the problem of robust polynomial regression, where one receives samples $(x_i, y_i)$ that are usually within $\sigma$ of a polynomial $y = p(x)$, but have a $\rho$ chance of being arbitrary adversarial outliers. Previously, it was known how to efficiently estimate $p$ only when $\rho < \frac{1}{\log d}$. We give an algorithm that works for the entire feasible range of $\rho < 1/2$, while simultaneously improving other parameters of the problem. We complement our algorithm, which gives a factor 2 approximation, with impossibility results that show, for example, that a $1.09$ approximation is impossible even with infinitely many samples.	Robust polynomial regression up to the information theoretic limit  We consider the problem of robust polynomial regression, where one receives samples $(x_i, y_i)$ that are usually within $\sigma$ of a polynomial $y = p(x)$, but have a $\rho$ chance of being arbitrary adversarial outliers. Previously, it was known how to efficiently estimate $p$ only when $\rho < \frac{1}{\log d}$. We give an algorithm that works for the entire feasible range of $\rho < 1/2$, while simultaneously improving other parameters of the problem. We complement our algorithm, which gives a factor 2 approximation, with impossibility results that show, for example, that a $1.09$ approximation is impossible even with infinitely many samples.	437
Whats an intuitive explanation of 1x1 convolution in ConvNets?	Online Learning Algorithms for Stochastic Water-Filling  Water-filling is the term for the classic solution to the problem of allocating constrained power to a set of parallel channels to maximize the total data-rate. It is used widely in practice, for example, for power allocation to sub-carriers in multi-user OFDM systems such as WiMax. The classic water-filling algorithm is deterministic and requires perfect knowledge of the channel gain to noise ratios. In this paper we consider how to do power allocation over stochastically time-varying (i.i.d.) channels with unknown gain to noise ratio distributions. We adopt an online learning framework based on stochastic multi-armed bandits. We consider two variations of the problem, one in which the goal is to find a power allocation to maximize $\sum\limits_i \mathbb{E}[\log(1 + SNR_i)]$, and another in which the goal is to find a power allocation to maximize $\sum\limits_i \log(1 + \mathbb{E}[SNR_i])$. For the first problem, we propose a \emph{cognitive water-filling} algorithm that we call CWF1. We show that CWF1 obtains a regret (defined as the cumulative gap over time between the sum-rate obtained by a distribution-aware genie and this policy) that grows polynomially in the number of channels and logarithmically in time, implying that it asymptotically achieves the optimal time-averaged rate that can be obtained when the gain distributions are known. For the second problem, we present an algorithm called CWF2, which is, to our knowledge, the first algorithm in the literature on stochastic multi-armed bandits to exploit non-linear dependencies between the arms. We prove that the number of times CWF2 picks the incorrect power allocation is bounded by a function that is polynomial in the number of channels and logarithmic in time, implying that its frequency of incorrect allocation tends to zero.	Online Learning Algorithms for Stochastic Water-Filling  Water-filling is the term for the classic solution to the problem of allocating constrained power to a set of parallel channels to maximize the total data-rate. It is used widely in practice, for example, for power allocation to sub-carriers in multi-user OFDM systems such as WiMax. The classic water-filling algorithm is deterministic and requires perfect knowledge of the channel gain to noise ratios. In this paper we consider how to do power allocation over stochastically time-varying (i.i.d.) channels with unknown gain to noise ratio distributions. We adopt an online learning framework based on stochastic multi-armed bandits. We consider two variations of the problem, one in which the goal is to find a power allocation to maximize $\sum\limits_i \mathbb{E}[\log(1 + SNR_i)]$, and another in which the goal is to find a power allocation to maximize $\sum\limits_i \log(1 + \mathbb{E}[SNR_i])$. For the first problem, we propose a \emph{cognitive water-filling} algorithm that we call CWF1. We show that CWF1 obtains a regret (defined as the cumulative gap over time between the sum-rate obtained by a distribution-aware genie and this policy) that grows polynomially in the number of channels and logarithmically in time, implying that it asymptotically achieves the optimal time-averaged rate that can be obtained when the gain distributions are known. For the second problem, we present an algorithm called CWF2, which is, to our knowledge, the first algorithm in the literature on stochastic multi-armed bandits to exploit non-linear dependencies between the arms. We prove that the number of times CWF2 picks the incorrect power allocation is bounded by a function that is polynomial in the number of channels and logarithmic in time, implying that its frequency of incorrect allocation tends to zero.	442
Whats an intuitive explanation of 1x1 convolution in ConvNets?	Few Sample Knowledge Distillation for Efficient Network Compression  Deep neural network compression techniques such as pruning and weight tensor decomposition usually require fine-tuning to recover the prediction accuracy when the compression ratio is high. However, conventional fine-tuning suffers from the requirement of a large training set and the time-consuming training procedure. This paper proposes a novel solution for knowledge distillation from label-free few samples to realize both data efficiency and training/processing efficiency. We treat the original network as "teacher-net" and the compressed network as "student-net". A 1x1 convolution layer is added at the end of each layer block of the student-net, and we fit the block-level outputs of the student-net to the teacher-net by estimating the parameters of the added layers. We prove that the added layer can be merged without adding extra parameters and computation cost during inference. Experiments on multiple datasets and network architectures verify the method's effectiveness on student-nets obtained by various network pruning and weight decomposition methods. Our method can recover student-net's accuracy to the same level as conventional fine-tuning methods in minutes while using only 1% label-free data of the full training data.	Few Sample Knowledge Distillation for Efficient Network Compression  Deep neural network compression techniques such as pruning and weight tensor decomposition usually require fine-tuning to recover the prediction accuracy when the compression ratio is high. However, conventional fine-tuning suffers from the requirement of a large training set and the time-consuming training procedure. This paper proposes a novel solution for knowledge distillation from label-free few samples to realize both data efficiency and training/processing efficiency. We treat the original network as "teacher-net" and the compressed network as "student-net". A 1x1 convolution layer is added at the end of each layer block of the student-net, and we fit the block-level outputs of the student-net to the teacher-net by estimating the parameters of the added layers. We prove that the added layer can be merged without adding extra parameters and computation cost during inference. Experiments on multiple datasets and network architectures verify the method's effectiveness on student-nets obtained by various network pruning and weight decomposition methods. Our method can recover student-net's accuracy to the same level as conventional fine-tuning methods in minutes while using only 1% label-free data of the full training data.	426
Why does the convolutional neural network have higher accuracy, precision, and recall rather than other methods like SVM, KNN, and Random Forest?	Variational Relevance Vector Machines  The Support Vector Machine (SVM) of Vapnik (1998) has become widely established as one of the leading approaches to pattern recognition and machine learning. It expresses predictions in terms of a linear combination of kernel functions centred on a subset of the training data, known as support vectors.   Despite its widespread success, the SVM suffers from some important limitations, one of the most significant being that it makes point predictions rather than generating predictive distributions. Recently Tipping (1999) has formulated the Relevance Vector Machine (RVM), a probabilistic model whose functional form is equivalent to the SVM. It achieves comparable recognition accuracy to the SVM, yet provides a full predictive distribution, and also requires substantially fewer kernel functions.   The original treatment of the RVM relied on the use of type II maximum likelihood (the `evidence framework') to provide point estimates of the hyperparameters which govern model sparsity. In this paper we show how the RVM can be formulated and solved within a completely Bayesian paradigm through the use of variational inference, thereby giving a posterior distribution over both parameters and hyperparameters. We demonstrate the practicality and performance of the variational RVM using both synthetic and real world examples.	Variational Relevance Vector Machines  The Support Vector Machine (SVM) of Vapnik (1998) has become widely established as one of the leading approaches to pattern recognition and machine learning. It expresses predictions in terms of a linear combination of kernel functions centred on a subset of the training data, known as support vectors.   Despite its widespread success, the SVM suffers from some important limitations, one of the most significant being that it makes point predictions rather than generating predictive distributions. Recently Tipping (1999) has formulated the Relevance Vector Machine (RVM), a probabilistic model whose functional form is equivalent to the SVM. It achieves comparable recognition accuracy to the SVM, yet provides a full predictive distribution, and also requires substantially fewer kernel functions.   The original treatment of the RVM relied on the use of type II maximum likelihood (the `evidence framework') to provide point estimates of the hyperparameters which govern model sparsity. In this paper we show how the RVM can be formulated and solved within a completely Bayesian paradigm through the use of variational inference, thereby giving a posterior distribution over both parameters and hyperparameters. We demonstrate the practicality and performance of the variational RVM using both synthetic and real world examples.	278
Why does the convolutional neural network have higher accuracy, precision, and recall rather than other methods like SVM, KNN, and Random Forest?	Recurrent Kernel Networks  Substring kernels are classical tools for representing biological sequences or text. However, when large amounts of annotated data are available, models that allow end-to-end training such as neural networks are often preferred. Links between recurrent neural networks (RNNs) and substring kernels have recently been drawn, by formally showing that RNNs with specific activation functions were points in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS). In this paper, we revisit this link by generalizing convolutional kernel networks---originally related to a relaxation of the mismatch kernel---to model gaps in sequences. It results in a new type of recurrent neural network which can be trained end-to-end with backpropagation, or without supervision by using kernel approximation techniques. We experimentally show that our approach is well suited to biological sequences, where it outperforms existing methods for protein classification tasks.	Recurrent Kernel Networks  Substring kernels are classical tools for representing biological sequences or text. However, when large amounts of annotated data are available, models that allow end-to-end training such as neural networks are often preferred. Links between recurrent neural networks (RNNs) and substring kernels have recently been drawn, by formally showing that RNNs with specific activation functions were points in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS). In this paper, we revisit this link by generalizing convolutional kernel networks---originally related to a relaxation of the mismatch kernel---to model gaps in sequences. It results in a new type of recurrent neural network which can be trained end-to-end with backpropagation, or without supervision by using kernel approximation techniques. We experimentally show that our approach is well suited to biological sequences, where it outperforms existing methods for protein classification tasks.	308
Why does the convolutional neural network have higher accuracy, precision, and recall rather than other methods like SVM, KNN, and Random Forest?	Convolutional Kernel Networks  An important goal in visual recognition is to devise image representations that are invariant to particular transformations. In this paper, we address this goal with a new type of convolutional neural network (CNN) whose invariance is encoded by a reproducing kernel. Unlike traditional approaches where neural networks are learned either to represent data or for solving a classification task, our network learns to approximate the kernel feature map on training data. Such an approach enjoys several benefits over classical ones. First, by teaching CNNs to be invariant, we obtain simple network architectures that achieve a similar accuracy to more complex ones, while being easy to train and robust to overfitting. Second, we bridge a gap between the neural network literature and kernels, which are natural tools to model invariance. We evaluate our methodology on visual recognition tasks where CNNs have proven to perform well, e.g., digit recognition with the MNIST dataset, and the more challenging CIFAR-10 and STL-10 datasets, where our accuracy is competitive with the state of the art.	Convolutional Kernel Networks  An important goal in visual recognition is to devise image representations that are invariant to particular transformations. In this paper, we address this goal with a new type of convolutional neural network (CNN) whose invariance is encoded by a reproducing kernel. Unlike traditional approaches where neural networks are learned either to represent data or for solving a classification task, our network learns to approximate the kernel feature map on training data. Such an approach enjoys several benefits over classical ones. First, by teaching CNNs to be invariant, we obtain simple network architectures that achieve a similar accuracy to more complex ones, while being easy to train and robust to overfitting. Second, we bridge a gap between the neural network literature and kernels, which are natural tools to model invariance. We evaluate our methodology on visual recognition tasks where CNNs have proven to perform well, e.g., digit recognition with the MNIST dataset, and the more challenging CIFAR-10 and STL-10 datasets, where our accuracy is competitive with the state of the art.	277
Why does the convolutional neural network have higher accuracy, precision, and recall rather than other methods like SVM, KNN, and Random Forest?	Complex Gated Recurrent Neural Networks  Complex numbers have long been favoured for digital signal processing, yet complex representations rarely appear in deep learning architectures. RNNs, widely used to process time series and sequence information, could greatly benefit from complex representations. We present a novel complex gated recurrent cell, which is a hybrid cell combining complex-valued and norm-preserving state transitions with a gating mechanism. The resulting RNN exhibits excellent stability and convergence properties and performs competitively on the synthetic memory and adding task, as well as on the real-world tasks of human motion prediction.	Complex Gated Recurrent Neural Networks  Complex numbers have long been favoured for digital signal processing, yet complex representations rarely appear in deep learning architectures. RNNs, widely used to process time series and sequence information, could greatly benefit from complex representations. We present a novel complex gated recurrent cell, which is a hybrid cell combining complex-valued and norm-preserving state transitions with a gating mechanism. The resulting RNN exhibits excellent stability and convergence properties and performs competitively on the synthetic memory and adding task, as well as on the real-world tasks of human motion prediction.	306
Why does the convolutional neural network have higher accuracy, precision, and recall rather than other methods like SVM, KNN, and Random Forest?	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time. In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency. Our proposed models are referred to as the Runge-Kutta Convolutional Neural Networks (RKCNNs). The RKCNNs are evaluated on multiple benchmark datasets. The experimental results show that RKCNNs are vastly superior to other dynamical system network models: they achieve higher accuracy with much fewer resources. They also expand the family of network models based on numerical methods for dynamical systems.	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time. In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency. Our proposed models are referred to as the Runge-Kutta Convolutional Neural Networks (RKCNNs). The RKCNNs are evaluated on multiple benchmark datasets. The experimental results show that RKCNNs are vastly superior to other dynamical system network models: they achieve higher accuracy with much fewer resources. They also expand the family of network models based on numerical methods for dynamical systems.	294
How can I train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with non symmetric images of different sizes?	Take it in your stride: Do we need striding in CNNs?  Since their inception, CNNs have utilized some type of striding operator to reduce the overlap of receptive fields and spatial dimensions. Although having clear heuristic motivations (i.e. lowering the number of parameters to learn) the mathematical role of striding within CNN learning remains unclear. This paper offers a novel and mathematical rigorous perspective on the role of the striding operator within modern CNNs. Specifically, we demonstrate theoretically that one can always represent a CNN that incorporates striding with an equivalent non-striding CNN which has more filters and smaller size. Through this equivalence we are then able to characterize striding as an additional mechanism for parameter sharing among channels, thus reducing training complexity. Finally, the framework presented in this paper offers a new mathematical perspective on the role of striding which we hope shall facilitate and simplify the future theoretical analysis of CNNs.	Take it in your stride: Do we need striding in CNNs?  Since their inception, CNNs have utilized some type of striding operator to reduce the overlap of receptive fields and spatial dimensions. Although having clear heuristic motivations (i.e. lowering the number of parameters to learn) the mathematical role of striding within CNN learning remains unclear. This paper offers a novel and mathematical rigorous perspective on the role of the striding operator within modern CNNs. Specifically, we demonstrate theoretically that one can always represent a CNN that incorporates striding with an equivalent non-striding CNN which has more filters and smaller size. Through this equivalence we are then able to characterize striding as an additional mechanism for parameter sharing among channels, thus reducing training complexity. Finally, the framework presented in this paper offers a new mathematical perspective on the role of striding which we hope shall facilitate and simplify the future theoretical analysis of CNNs.	310
How can I train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with non symmetric images of different sizes?	Constrained Convolutional Neural Networks for Weakly Supervised   Segmentation  We present an approach to learn a dense pixel-wise labeling from image-level tags. Each image-level tag imposes constraints on the output labeling of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) classifier. We propose Constrained CNN (CCNN), a method which uses a novel loss function to optimize for any set of linear constraints on the output space (i.e. predicted label distribution) of a CNN. Our loss formulation is easy to optimize and can be incorporated directly into standard stochastic gradient descent optimization. The key idea is to phrase the training objective as a biconvex optimization for linear models, which we then relax to nonlinear deep networks. Extensive experiments demonstrate the generality of our new learning framework. The constrained loss yields state-of-the-art results on weakly supervised semantic image segmentation. We further demonstrate that adding slightly more supervision can greatly improve the performance of the learning algorithm.	Constrained Convolutional Neural Networks for Weakly Supervised   Segmentation  We present an approach to learn a dense pixel-wise labeling from image-level tags. Each image-level tag imposes constraints on the output labeling of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) classifier. We propose Constrained CNN (CCNN), a method which uses a novel loss function to optimize for any set of linear constraints on the output space (i.e. predicted label distribution) of a CNN. Our loss formulation is easy to optimize and can be incorporated directly into standard stochastic gradient descent optimization. The key idea is to phrase the training objective as a biconvex optimization for linear models, which we then relax to nonlinear deep networks. Extensive experiments demonstrate the generality of our new learning framework. The constrained loss yields state-of-the-art results on weakly supervised semantic image segmentation. We further demonstrate that adding slightly more supervision can greatly improve the performance of the learning algorithm.	325
How can I train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with non symmetric images of different sizes?	High Frequency Component Helps Explain the Generalization of   Convolutional Neural Networks  We investigate the relationship between the frequency spectrum of image data and the generalization behavior of convolutional neural networks (CNN). We first notice CNN's ability in capturing the high-frequency components of images. These high-frequency components are almost imperceptible to a human. Thus the observation leads to multiple hypotheses that are related to the generalization behaviors of CNN, including a potential explanation for adversarial examples, a discussion of CNN's trade-off between robustness and accuracy, and some evidence in understanding training heuristics.	High Frequency Component Helps Explain the Generalization of   Convolutional Neural Networks  We investigate the relationship between the frequency spectrum of image data and the generalization behavior of convolutional neural networks (CNN). We first notice CNN's ability in capturing the high-frequency components of images. These high-frequency components are almost imperceptible to a human. Thus the observation leads to multiple hypotheses that are related to the generalization behaviors of CNN, including a potential explanation for adversarial examples, a discussion of CNN's trade-off between robustness and accuracy, and some evidence in understanding training heuristics.	305
How can I train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with non symmetric images of different sizes?	Single-frame Regularization for Temporally Stable CNNs  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can model complicated non-linear relations between images. However, they are notoriously sensitive to small changes in the input. Most CNNs trained to describe image-to-image mappings generate temporally unstable results when applied to video sequences, leading to flickering artifacts and other inconsistencies over time. In order to use CNNs for video material, previous methods have relied on estimating dense frame-to-frame motion information (optical flow) in the training and/or the inference phase, or by exploring recurrent learning structures. We take a different approach to the problem, posing temporal stability as a regularization of the cost function. The regularization is formulated to account for different types of motion that can occur between frames, so that temporally stable CNNs can be trained without the need for video material or expensive motion estimation. The training can be performed as a fine-tuning operation, without architectural modifications of the CNN. Our evaluation shows that the training strategy leads to large improvements in temporal smoothness. Moreover, for small datasets the regularization can help in boosting the generalization performance to a much larger extent than what is possible with na\"ive augmentation strategies.	Single-frame Regularization for Temporally Stable CNNs  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can model complicated non-linear relations between images. However, they are notoriously sensitive to small changes in the input. Most CNNs trained to describe image-to-image mappings generate temporally unstable results when applied to video sequences, leading to flickering artifacts and other inconsistencies over time. In order to use CNNs for video material, previous methods have relied on estimating dense frame-to-frame motion information (optical flow) in the training and/or the inference phase, or by exploring recurrent learning structures. We take a different approach to the problem, posing temporal stability as a regularization of the cost function. The regularization is formulated to account for different types of motion that can occur between frames, so that temporally stable CNNs can be trained without the need for video material or expensive motion estimation. The training can be performed as a fine-tuning operation, without architectural modifications of the CNN. Our evaluation shows that the training strategy leads to large improvements in temporal smoothness. Moreover, for small datasets the regularization can help in boosting the generalization performance to a much larger extent than what is possible with na\"ive augmentation strategies.	310
How can I train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with non symmetric images of different sizes?	SCNN: A General Distribution based Statistical Convolutional Neural   Network with Application to Video Object Detection  Various convolutional neural networks (CNNs) were developed recently that achieved accuracy comparable with that of human beings in computer vision tasks such as image recognition, object detection and tracking, etc. Most of these networks, however, process one single frame of image at a time, and may not fully utilize the temporal and contextual correlation typically present in multiple channels of the same image or adjacent frames from a video, thus limiting the achievable throughput. This limitation stems from the fact that existing CNNs operate on deterministic numbers. In this paper, we propose a novel statistical convolutional neural network (SCNN), which extends existing CNN architectures but operates directly on correlated distributions rather than deterministic numbers. By introducing a parameterized canonical model to model correlated data and defining corresponding operations as required for CNN training and inference, we show that SCNN can process multiple frames of correlated images effectively, hence achieving significant speedup over existing CNN models. We use a CNN based video object detection as an example to illustrate the usefulness of the proposed SCNN as a general network model. Experimental results show that even a non-optimized implementation of SCNN can still achieve 178% speedup over existing CNNs with slight accuracy degradation.	SCNN: A General Distribution based Statistical Convolutional Neural   Network with Application to Video Object Detection  Various convolutional neural networks (CNNs) were developed recently that achieved accuracy comparable with that of human beings in computer vision tasks such as image recognition, object detection and tracking, etc. Most of these networks, however, process one single frame of image at a time, and may not fully utilize the temporal and contextual correlation typically present in multiple channels of the same image or adjacent frames from a video, thus limiting the achievable throughput. This limitation stems from the fact that existing CNNs operate on deterministic numbers. In this paper, we propose a novel statistical convolutional neural network (SCNN), which extends existing CNN architectures but operates directly on correlated distributions rather than deterministic numbers. By introducing a parameterized canonical model to model correlated data and defining corresponding operations as required for CNN training and inference, we show that SCNN can process multiple frames of correlated images effectively, hence achieving significant speedup over existing CNN models. We use a CNN based video object detection as an example to illustrate the usefulness of the proposed SCNN as a general network model. Experimental results show that even a non-optimized implementation of SCNN can still achieve 178% speedup over existing CNNs with slight accuracy degradation.	318
How can l choose the dimensions of my convolutional filters and pooling in convolutional neural network?	Representational Power of ReLU Networks and Polynomial Kernels: Beyond   Worst-Case Analysis  There has been a large amount of interest, both in the past and particularly recently, into the power of different families of universal approximators, e.g. ReLU networks, polynomials, rational functions. However, current research has focused almost exclusively on understanding this problem in a worst-case setting, e.g. bounding the error of the best infinity-norm approximation in a box. In this setting a high-degree polynomial is required to even approximate a single ReLU.   However, in real applications with high dimensional data we expect it is only important to approximate the desired function well on certain relevant parts of its domain. With this motivation, we analyze the ability of neural networks and polynomial kernels of bounded degree to achieve good statistical performance on a simple, natural inference problem with sparse latent structure. We give almost-tight bounds on the performance of both neural networks and low degree polynomials for this problem. Our bounds for polynomials involve new techniques which may be of independent interest and show major qualitative differences with what is known in the worst-case setting.	Representational Power of ReLU Networks and Polynomial Kernels: Beyond   Worst-Case Analysis  There has been a large amount of interest, both in the past and particularly recently, into the power of different families of universal approximators, e.g. ReLU networks, polynomials, rational functions. However, current research has focused almost exclusively on understanding this problem in a worst-case setting, e.g. bounding the error of the best infinity-norm approximation in a box. In this setting a high-degree polynomial is required to even approximate a single ReLU.   However, in real applications with high dimensional data we expect it is only important to approximate the desired function well on certain relevant parts of its domain. With this motivation, we analyze the ability of neural networks and polynomial kernels of bounded degree to achieve good statistical performance on a simple, natural inference problem with sparse latent structure. We give almost-tight bounds on the performance of both neural networks and low degree polynomials for this problem. Our bounds for polynomials involve new techniques which may be of independent interest and show major qualitative differences with what is known in the worst-case setting.	374
How can l choose the dimensions of my convolutional filters and pooling in convolutional neural network?	A Hybrid Latent Variable Neural Network Model for Item Recommendation  Collaborative filtering is used to recommend items to a user without requiring a knowledge of the item itself and tends to outperform other techniques. However, collaborative filtering suffers from the cold-start problem, which occurs when an item has not yet been rated or a user has not rated any items. Incorporating additional information, such as item or user descriptions, into collaborative filtering can address the cold-start problem. In this paper, we present a neural network model with latent input variables (latent neural network or LNN) as a hybrid collaborative filtering technique that addresses the cold-start problem. LNN outperforms a broad selection of content-based filters (which make recommendations based on item descriptions) and other hybrid approaches while maintaining the accuracy of state-of-the-art collaborative filtering techniques.	A Hybrid Latent Variable Neural Network Model for Item Recommendation  Collaborative filtering is used to recommend items to a user without requiring a knowledge of the item itself and tends to outperform other techniques. However, collaborative filtering suffers from the cold-start problem, which occurs when an item has not yet been rated or a user has not rated any items. Incorporating additional information, such as item or user descriptions, into collaborative filtering can address the cold-start problem. In this paper, we present a neural network model with latent input variables (latent neural network or LNN) as a hybrid collaborative filtering technique that addresses the cold-start problem. LNN outperforms a broad selection of content-based filters (which make recommendations based on item descriptions) and other hybrid approaches while maintaining the accuracy of state-of-the-art collaborative filtering techniques.	366
How can l choose the dimensions of my convolutional filters and pooling in convolutional neural network?	Emergence of Selective Invariance in Hierarchical Feed Forward Networks  Many theories have emerged which investigate how in- variance is generated in hierarchical networks through sim- ple schemes such as max and mean pooling. The restriction to max/mean pooling in theoretical and empirical studies has diverted attention away from a more general way of generating invariance to nuisance transformations. We con- jecture that hierarchically building selective invariance (i.e. carefully choosing the range of the transformation to be in- variant to at each layer of a hierarchical network) is im- portant for pattern recognition. We utilize a novel pooling layer called adaptive pooling to find linear pooling weights within networks. These networks with the learnt pooling weights have performances on object categorization tasks that are comparable to max/mean pooling networks. In- terestingly, adaptive pooling can converge to mean pooling (when initialized with random pooling weights), find more general linear pooling schemes or even decide not to pool at all. We illustrate the general notion of selective invari- ance through object categorization experiments on large- scale datasets such as SVHN and ILSVRC 2012.	Emergence of Selective Invariance in Hierarchical Feed Forward Networks  Many theories have emerged which investigate how in- variance is generated in hierarchical networks through sim- ple schemes such as max and mean pooling. The restriction to max/mean pooling in theoretical and empirical studies has diverted attention away from a more general way of generating invariance to nuisance transformations. We con- jecture that hierarchically building selective invariance (i.e. carefully choosing the range of the transformation to be in- variant to at each layer of a hierarchical network) is im- portant for pattern recognition. We utilize a novel pooling layer called adaptive pooling to find linear pooling weights within networks. These networks with the learnt pooling weights have performances on object categorization tasks that are comparable to max/mean pooling networks. In- terestingly, adaptive pooling can converge to mean pooling (when initialized with random pooling weights), find more general linear pooling schemes or even decide not to pool at all. We illustrate the general notion of selective invari- ance through object categorization experiments on large- scale datasets such as SVHN and ILSVRC 2012.	355
How can l choose the dimensions of my convolutional filters and pooling in convolutional neural network?	A neural network based post-filter for speech-driven head motion   synthesis  Despite the fact that neural networks are widely used for speech-driven head motion synthesis, it is well-known that the output of neural networks is noisy or discontinuous due to the limited capability of deep neural networks in predicting human motion. Thus, post-processing is required to obtain smooth head motion trajectories for animation. It is common to apply a linear filter or consider keyframes as post-processing. However, neither approach is optimal as there is always a trade-off between smoothness and accuracy. We propose to employ a neural network trained in a way that it is capable of reconstructing the head motions, in order to overcome this limitation. In the objective evaluation, this filter is proved to be good at de-noising data involving types of noise (dropout or Gaussian noise). Objective metrics also demonstrate the improvement of the joined head motion's smoothness after being processed by our proposed filter. A detailed analysis reveals that our proposed filter learns the characteristic of head motions. The subjective evaluation shows that participants were unable to distinguish the synthesised head motions with our proposed filter from ground truth, which was preferred over the Gaussian filter and moving average.	A neural network based post-filter for speech-driven head motion   synthesis  Despite the fact that neural networks are widely used for speech-driven head motion synthesis, it is well-known that the output of neural networks is noisy or discontinuous due to the limited capability of deep neural networks in predicting human motion. Thus, post-processing is required to obtain smooth head motion trajectories for animation. It is common to apply a linear filter or consider keyframes as post-processing. However, neither approach is optimal as there is always a trade-off between smoothness and accuracy. We propose to employ a neural network trained in a way that it is capable of reconstructing the head motions, in order to overcome this limitation. In the objective evaluation, this filter is proved to be good at de-noising data involving types of noise (dropout or Gaussian noise). Objective metrics also demonstrate the improvement of the joined head motion's smoothness after being processed by our proposed filter. A detailed analysis reveals that our proposed filter learns the characteristic of head motions. The subjective evaluation shows that participants were unable to distinguish the synthesised head motions with our proposed filter from ground truth, which was preferred over the Gaussian filter and moving average.	354
How can l choose the dimensions of my convolutional filters and pooling in convolutional neural network?	Max-plus Operators Applied to Filter Selection and Model Pruning in   Neural Networks  Following recent advances in morphological neural networks, we propose to study in more depth how Max-plus operators can be exploited to define morphological units and how they behave when incorporated in layers of conventional neural networks. Besides showing that they can be easily implemented with modern machine learning frameworks , we confirm and extend the observation that a Max-plus layer can be used to select important filters and reduce redundancy in its previous layer, without incurring performance loss. Experimental results demonstrate that the filter selection strategy enabled by a Max-plus is highly efficient and robust, through which we successfully performed model pruning on different neural network architectures. We also point out that there is a close connection between Maxout networks and our pruned Max-plus networks by comparing their respective characteristics. The code for reproducing our experiments is available online.	Max-plus Operators Applied to Filter Selection and Model Pruning in   Neural Networks  Following recent advances in morphological neural networks, we propose to study in more depth how Max-plus operators can be exploited to define morphological units and how they behave when incorporated in layers of conventional neural networks. Besides showing that they can be easily implemented with modern machine learning frameworks , we confirm and extend the observation that a Max-plus layer can be used to select important filters and reduce redundancy in its previous layer, without incurring performance loss. Experimental results demonstrate that the filter selection strategy enabled by a Max-plus is highly efficient and robust, through which we successfully performed model pruning on different neural network architectures. We also point out that there is a close connection between Maxout networks and our pruned Max-plus networks by comparing their respective characteristics. The code for reproducing our experiments is available online.	370
Why would increasing the amount of training data decrease the performance of a convolutional neural network?	Learning Compact Convolutional Neural Networks with Nested Dropout  Recently, nested dropout was proposed as a method for ordering representation units in autoencoders by their information content, without diminishing reconstruction cost. However, it has only been applied to training fully-connected autoencoders in an unsupervised setting. We explore the impact of nested dropout on the convolutional layers in a CNN trained by backpropagation, investigating whether nested dropout can provide a simple and systematic way to determine the optimal representation size with respect to the desired accuracy and desired task and data complexity.	Learning Compact Convolutional Neural Networks with Nested Dropout  Recently, nested dropout was proposed as a method for ordering representation units in autoencoders by their information content, without diminishing reconstruction cost. However, it has only been applied to training fully-connected autoencoders in an unsupervised setting. We explore the impact of nested dropout on the convolutional layers in a CNN trained by backpropagation, investigating whether nested dropout can provide a simple and systematic way to determine the optimal representation size with respect to the desired accuracy and desired task and data complexity.	233
Why would increasing the amount of training data decrease the performance of a convolutional neural network?	Towards Physically-consistent, Data-driven Models of Convection  Data-driven algorithms, in particular neural networks, can emulate the effect of sub-grid scale processes in coarse-resolution climate models if trained on high-resolution climate simulations. However, they may violate key physical constraints and lack the ability to generalize outside of their training set. Here, we show that physical constraints can be enforced in neural networks, either approximately by adapting the loss function or to within machine precision by adapting the architecture. As these physical constraints are insufficient to guarantee generalizability, we additionally propose to physically rescale the training and validation data to improve the ability of neural networks to generalize to unseen climates.	Towards Physically-consistent, Data-driven Models of Convection  Data-driven algorithms, in particular neural networks, can emulate the effect of sub-grid scale processes in coarse-resolution climate models if trained on high-resolution climate simulations. However, they may violate key physical constraints and lack the ability to generalize outside of their training set. Here, we show that physical constraints can be enforced in neural networks, either approximately by adapting the loss function or to within machine precision by adapting the architecture. As these physical constraints are insufficient to guarantee generalizability, we additionally propose to physically rescale the training and validation data to improve the ability of neural networks to generalize to unseen climates.	242
Why would increasing the amount of training data decrease the performance of a convolutional neural network?	Beyond Fine Tuning: A Modular Approach to Learning on Small Data  In this paper we present a technique to train neural network models on small amounts of data. Current methods for training neural networks on small amounts of rich data typically rely on strategies such as fine-tuning a pre-trained neural network or the use of domain-specific hand-engineered features. Here we take the approach of treating network layers, or entire networks, as modules and combine pre-trained modules with untrained modules, to learn the shift in distributions between data sets. The central impact of using a modular approach comes from adding new representations to a network, as opposed to replacing representations via fine-tuning. Using this technique, we are able surpass results using standard fine-tuning transfer learning approaches, and we are also able to significantly increase performance over such approaches when using smaller amounts of data.	Beyond Fine Tuning: A Modular Approach to Learning on Small Data  In this paper we present a technique to train neural network models on small amounts of data. Current methods for training neural networks on small amounts of rich data typically rely on strategies such as fine-tuning a pre-trained neural network or the use of domain-specific hand-engineered features. Here we take the approach of treating network layers, or entire networks, as modules and combine pre-trained modules with untrained modules, to learn the shift in distributions between data sets. The central impact of using a modular approach comes from adding new representations to a network, as opposed to replacing representations via fine-tuning. Using this technique, we are able surpass results using standard fine-tuning transfer learning approaches, and we are also able to significantly increase performance over such approaches when using smaller amounts of data.	243
Why would increasing the amount of training data decrease the performance of a convolutional neural network?	Further advantages of data augmentation on convolutional neural networks  Data augmentation is a popular technique largely used to enhance the training of convolutional neural networks. Although many of its benefits are well known by deep learning researchers and practitioners, its implicit regularization effects, as compared to popular explicit regularization techniques, such as weight decay and dropout, remain largely unstudied. As a matter of fact, convolutional neural networks for image object classification are typically trained with both data augmentation and explicit regularization, assuming the benefits of all techniques are complementary. In this paper, we systematically analyze these techniques through ablation studies of different network architectures trained with different amounts of training data. Our results unveil a largely ignored advantage of data augmentation: networks trained with just data augmentation more easily adapt to different architectures and amount of training data, as opposed to weight decay and dropout, which require specific fine-tuning of their hyperparameters.	Further advantages of data augmentation on convolutional neural networks  Data augmentation is a popular technique largely used to enhance the training of convolutional neural networks. Although many of its benefits are well known by deep learning researchers and practitioners, its implicit regularization effects, as compared to popular explicit regularization techniques, such as weight decay and dropout, remain largely unstudied. As a matter of fact, convolutional neural networks for image object classification are typically trained with both data augmentation and explicit regularization, assuming the benefits of all techniques are complementary. In this paper, we systematically analyze these techniques through ablation studies of different network architectures trained with different amounts of training data. Our results unveil a largely ignored advantage of data augmentation: networks trained with just data augmentation more easily adapt to different architectures and amount of training data, as opposed to weight decay and dropout, which require specific fine-tuning of their hyperparameters.	235
Why would increasing the amount of training data decrease the performance of a convolutional neural network?	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time. In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency. Our proposed models are referred to as the Runge-Kutta Convolutional Neural Networks (RKCNNs). The RKCNNs are evaluated on multiple benchmark datasets. The experimental results show that RKCNNs are vastly superior to other dynamical system network models: they achieve higher accuracy with much fewer resources. They also expand the family of network models based on numerical methods for dynamical systems.	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time. In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency. Our proposed models are referred to as the Runge-Kutta Convolutional Neural Networks (RKCNNs). The RKCNNs are evaluated on multiple benchmark datasets. The experimental results show that RKCNNs are vastly superior to other dynamical system network models: they achieve higher accuracy with much fewer resources. They also expand the family of network models based on numerical methods for dynamical systems.	236
How can l explain that applying max-pooling/subsampling in CNN doesnt cause information loss?	Analyzing the Cross-Sensor Portability of Neural Network Architectures   for LiDAR-based Semantic Labeling  State-of-the-art approaches for the semantic labeling of LiDAR point clouds heavily rely on the use of deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). However, transferring network architectures across different LiDAR sensor types represents a significant challenge, especially due to sensor specific design choices with regard to network architecture as well as data representation. In this paper we propose a new CNN architecture for the point-wise semantic labeling of LiDAR data which achieves state-of-the-art results while increasing portability across sensor types. This represents a significant advantage given the fast-paced development of LiDAR hardware technology. We perform a thorough quantitative cross-sensor analysis of semantic labeling performance in comparison to a state-of-the-art reference method. Our evaluation shows that the proposed architecture is indeed highly portable, yielding an improvement of 10 percentage points in the Intersection-over-Union (IoU) score when compared to the reference approach. Further, the results indicate that the proposed network architecture can provide an efficient way for the automated generation of large-scale training data for novel LiDAR sensor types without the need for extensive manual annotation or multi-modal label transfer.	Analyzing the Cross-Sensor Portability of Neural Network Architectures   for LiDAR-based Semantic Labeling  State-of-the-art approaches for the semantic labeling of LiDAR point clouds heavily rely on the use of deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). However, transferring network architectures across different LiDAR sensor types represents a significant challenge, especially due to sensor specific design choices with regard to network architecture as well as data representation. In this paper we propose a new CNN architecture for the point-wise semantic labeling of LiDAR data which achieves state-of-the-art results while increasing portability across sensor types. This represents a significant advantage given the fast-paced development of LiDAR hardware technology. We perform a thorough quantitative cross-sensor analysis of semantic labeling performance in comparison to a state-of-the-art reference method. Our evaluation shows that the proposed architecture is indeed highly portable, yielding an improvement of 10 percentage points in the Intersection-over-Union (IoU) score when compared to the reference approach. Further, the results indicate that the proposed network architecture can provide an efficient way for the automated generation of large-scale training data for novel LiDAR sensor types without the need for extensive manual annotation or multi-modal label transfer.	318
How can l explain that applying max-pooling/subsampling in CNN doesnt cause information loss?	Take it in your stride: Do we need striding in CNNs?  Since their inception, CNNs have utilized some type of striding operator to reduce the overlap of receptive fields and spatial dimensions. Although having clear heuristic motivations (i.e. lowering the number of parameters to learn) the mathematical role of striding within CNN learning remains unclear. This paper offers a novel and mathematical rigorous perspective on the role of the striding operator within modern CNNs. Specifically, we demonstrate theoretically that one can always represent a CNN that incorporates striding with an equivalent non-striding CNN which has more filters and smaller size. Through this equivalence we are then able to characterize striding as an additional mechanism for parameter sharing among channels, thus reducing training complexity. Finally, the framework presented in this paper offers a new mathematical perspective on the role of striding which we hope shall facilitate and simplify the future theoretical analysis of CNNs.	Take it in your stride: Do we need striding in CNNs?  Since their inception, CNNs have utilized some type of striding operator to reduce the overlap of receptive fields and spatial dimensions. Although having clear heuristic motivations (i.e. lowering the number of parameters to learn) the mathematical role of striding within CNN learning remains unclear. This paper offers a novel and mathematical rigorous perspective on the role of the striding operator within modern CNNs. Specifically, we demonstrate theoretically that one can always represent a CNN that incorporates striding with an equivalent non-striding CNN which has more filters and smaller size. Through this equivalence we are then able to characterize striding as an additional mechanism for parameter sharing among channels, thus reducing training complexity. Finally, the framework presented in this paper offers a new mathematical perspective on the role of striding which we hope shall facilitate and simplify the future theoretical analysis of CNNs.	300
How can l explain that applying max-pooling/subsampling in CNN doesnt cause information loss?	Jointly Attentive Spatial-Temporal Pooling Networks for Video-based   Person Re-Identification  Person Re-Identification (person re-id) is a crucial task as its applications in visual surveillance and human-computer interaction. In this work, we present a novel joint Spatial and Temporal Attention Pooling Network (ASTPN) for video-based person re-identification, which enables the feature extractor to be aware of the current input video sequences, in a way that interdependency from the matching items can directly influence the computation of each other's representation. Specifically, the spatial pooling layer is able to select regions from each frame, while the attention temporal pooling performed can select informative frames over the sequence, both pooling guided by the information from distance matching. Experiments are conduced on the iLIDS-VID, PRID-2011 and MARS datasets and the results demonstrate that this approach outperforms existing state-of-art methods. We also analyze how the joint pooling in both dimensions can boost the person re-id performance more effectively than using either of them separately.	Jointly Attentive Spatial-Temporal Pooling Networks for Video-based   Person Re-Identification  Person Re-Identification (person re-id) is a crucial task as its applications in visual surveillance and human-computer interaction. In this work, we present a novel joint Spatial and Temporal Attention Pooling Network (ASTPN) for video-based person re-identification, which enables the feature extractor to be aware of the current input video sequences, in a way that interdependency from the matching items can directly influence the computation of each other's representation. Specifically, the spatial pooling layer is able to select regions from each frame, while the attention temporal pooling performed can select informative frames over the sequence, both pooling guided by the information from distance matching. Experiments are conduced on the iLIDS-VID, PRID-2011 and MARS datasets and the results demonstrate that this approach outperforms existing state-of-art methods. We also analyze how the joint pooling in both dimensions can boost the person re-id performance more effectively than using either of them separately.	301
How can l explain that applying max-pooling/subsampling in CNN doesnt cause information loss?	How Much Position Information Do Convolutional Neural Networks Encode?  In contrast to fully connected networks, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) achieve efficiency by learning weights associated with local filters with a finite spatial extent. An implication of this is that a filter may know what it is looking at, but not where it is positioned in the image. Information concerning absolute position is inherently useful, and it is reasonable to assume that deep CNNs may implicitly learn to encode this information if there is a means to do so. In this paper, we test this hypothesis revealing the surprising degree of absolute position information that is encoded in commonly used neural networks. A comprehensive set of experiments show the validity of this hypothesis and shed light on how and where this information is represented while offering clues to where positional information is derived from in deep CNNs.	How Much Position Information Do Convolutional Neural Networks Encode?  In contrast to fully connected networks, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) achieve efficiency by learning weights associated with local filters with a finite spatial extent. An implication of this is that a filter may know what it is looking at, but not where it is positioned in the image. Information concerning absolute position is inherently useful, and it is reasonable to assume that deep CNNs may implicitly learn to encode this information if there is a means to do so. In this paper, we test this hypothesis revealing the surprising degree of absolute position information that is encoded in commonly used neural networks. A comprehensive set of experiments show the validity of this hypothesis and shed light on how and where this information is represented while offering clues to where positional information is derived from in deep CNNs.	318
How can l explain that applying max-pooling/subsampling in CNN doesnt cause information loss?	Exploiting Clinically Available Delineations for CNN-based Segmentation   in Radiotherapy Treatment Planning  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been widely and successfully used for medical image segmentation. However, CNNs are typically considered to require large numbers of dedicated expert-segmented training volumes, which may be limiting in practice. This work investigates whether clinically obtained segmentations which are readily available in picture archiving and communication systems (PACS) could provide a possible source of data to train a CNN for segmentation of organs-at-risk (OARs) in radiotherapy treatment planning. In such data, delineations of structures deemed irrelevant to the target clinical use may be lacking. To overcome this issue, we use multi-label instead of multi-class segmentation. We empirically assess how many clinical delineations would be sufficient to train a CNN for the segmentation of OARs and find that increasing the training set size beyond a limited number of images leads to sharply diminishing returns. Moreover, we find that by using multi-label segmentation, missing structures in the reference standard do not have a negative effect on overall segmentation accuracy. These results indicate that segmentations obtained in a clinical workflow can be used to train an accurate OAR segmentation model.	Exploiting Clinically Available Delineations for CNN-based Segmentation   in Radiotherapy Treatment Planning  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been widely and successfully used for medical image segmentation. However, CNNs are typically considered to require large numbers of dedicated expert-segmented training volumes, which may be limiting in practice. This work investigates whether clinically obtained segmentations which are readily available in picture archiving and communication systems (PACS) could provide a possible source of data to train a CNN for segmentation of organs-at-risk (OARs) in radiotherapy treatment planning. In such data, delineations of structures deemed irrelevant to the target clinical use may be lacking. To overcome this issue, we use multi-label instead of multi-class segmentation. We empirically assess how many clinical delineations would be sufficient to train a CNN for the segmentation of OARs and find that increasing the training set size beyond a limited number of images leads to sharply diminishing returns. Moreover, we find that by using multi-label segmentation, missing structures in the reference standard do not have a negative effect on overall segmentation accuracy. These results indicate that segmentations obtained in a clinical workflow can be used to train an accurate OAR segmentation model.	317
How do Convolutional Neural Networks develop more complex features?	cGANs with Conditional Convolution Layer  Conditional generative adversarial networks (cGANs) have been widely researched to generate class conditional images using a single generator. However, in the conventional cGANs techniques, it is still challenging for the generator to learn condition-specific features, since a standard convolutional layer with the same weights is used regardless of the condition. In this paper, we propose a novel convolution layer, called the conditional convolution layer, which directly generates different feature maps by employing the weights which are adjusted depending on the conditions. More specifically, in each conditional convolution layer, the weights are conditioned in a simple but effective way through filter-wise scaling and channel-wise shifting operations. In contrast to the conventional methods, the proposed method with a single generator can effectively handle condition-specific characteristics. The experimental results on CIFAR, LSUN and ImageNet datasets show that the generator with the proposed conditional convolution layer achieves a higher quality of conditional image generation than that with the standard convolution layer.	cGANs with Conditional Convolution Layer  Conditional generative adversarial networks (cGANs) have been widely researched to generate class conditional images using a single generator. However, in the conventional cGANs techniques, it is still challenging for the generator to learn condition-specific features, since a standard convolutional layer with the same weights is used regardless of the condition. In this paper, we propose a novel convolution layer, called the conditional convolution layer, which directly generates different feature maps by employing the weights which are adjusted depending on the conditions. More specifically, in each conditional convolution layer, the weights are conditioned in a simple but effective way through filter-wise scaling and channel-wise shifting operations. In contrast to the conventional methods, the proposed method with a single generator can effectively handle condition-specific characteristics. The experimental results on CIFAR, LSUN and ImageNet datasets show that the generator with the proposed conditional convolution layer achieves a higher quality of conditional image generation than that with the standard convolution layer.	313
How do Convolutional Neural Networks develop more complex features?	Approximate Dynamic Programming with Neural Networks in Linear Discrete   Action Spaces  Real-world problems of operations research are typically high-dimensional and combinatorial. Linear programs are generally used to formulate and efficiently solve these large decision problems. However, in multi-period decision problems, we must often compute expected downstream values corresponding to current decisions. When applying stochastic methods to approximate these values, linear programs become restrictive for designing value function approximations (VFAs). In particular, the manual design of a polynomial VFA is challenging.   This paper presents an integrated approach for complex optimization problems, focusing on applications in the domain of operations research. It develops a hybrid solution method that combines linear programming and neural networks as part of approximate dynamic programming.   Our proposed solution method embeds neural network VFAs into linear decision problems, combining the nonlinear expressive power of neural networks with the efficiency of solving linear programs. As a proof of concept, we perform numerical experiments on a transportation problem. The neural network VFAs consistently outperform polynomial VFAs, with limited design and tuning effort.	Approximate Dynamic Programming with Neural Networks in Linear Discrete   Action Spaces  Real-world problems of operations research are typically high-dimensional and combinatorial. Linear programs are generally used to formulate and efficiently solve these large decision problems. However, in multi-period decision problems, we must often compute expected downstream values corresponding to current decisions. When applying stochastic methods to approximate these values, linear programs become restrictive for designing value function approximations (VFAs). In particular, the manual design of a polynomial VFA is challenging.   This paper presents an integrated approach for complex optimization problems, focusing on applications in the domain of operations research. It develops a hybrid solution method that combines linear programming and neural networks as part of approximate dynamic programming.   Our proposed solution method embeds neural network VFAs into linear decision problems, combining the nonlinear expressive power of neural networks with the efficiency of solving linear programs. As a proof of concept, we perform numerical experiments on a transportation problem. The neural network VFAs consistently outperform polynomial VFAs, with limited design and tuning effort.	312
How do Convolutional Neural Networks develop more complex features?	Improving Network Robustness against Adversarial Attacks with Compact   Convolution  Though Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have surpassed human-level performance on tasks such as object classification and face verification, they can easily be fooled by adversarial attacks. These attacks add a small perturbation to the input image that causes the network to misclassify the sample. In this paper, we focus on neutralizing adversarial attacks by compact feature learning. In particular, we show that learning features in a closed and bounded space improves the robustness of the network. We explore the effect of L2-Softmax Loss, that enforces compactness in the learned features, thus resulting in enhanced robustness to adversarial perturbations. Additionally, we propose compact convolution, a novel method of convolution that when incorporated in conventional CNNs improves their robustness. Compact convolution ensures feature compactness at every layer such that they are bounded and close to each other. Extensive experiments show that Compact Convolutional Networks (CCNs) neutralize multiple types of attacks, and perform better than existing methods in defending adversarial attacks, without incurring any additional training overhead compared to CNNs.	Improving Network Robustness against Adversarial Attacks with Compact   Convolution  Though Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have surpassed human-level performance on tasks such as object classification and face verification, they can easily be fooled by adversarial attacks. These attacks add a small perturbation to the input image that causes the network to misclassify the sample. In this paper, we focus on neutralizing adversarial attacks by compact feature learning. In particular, we show that learning features in a closed and bounded space improves the robustness of the network. We explore the effect of L2-Softmax Loss, that enforces compactness in the learned features, thus resulting in enhanced robustness to adversarial perturbations. Additionally, we propose compact convolution, a novel method of convolution that when incorporated in conventional CNNs improves their robustness. Compact convolution ensures feature compactness at every layer such that they are bounded and close to each other. Extensive experiments show that Compact Convolutional Networks (CCNs) neutralize multiple types of attacks, and perform better than existing methods in defending adversarial attacks, without incurring any additional training overhead compared to CNNs.	312
How do Convolutional Neural Networks develop more complex features?	Network Deconvolution  Convolution is a central operation in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which applies a kernel to overlapping regions shifted across the image. However, because of the strong correlations in real-world image data, convolutional kernels are in effect re-learning redundant data. In this work, we show that this redundancy has made neural network training challenging, and propose network deconvolution, a procedure which optimally removes pixel-wise and channel-wise correlations before the data is fed into each layer. Network deconvolution can be efficiently calculated at a fraction of the computational cost of a convolution layer. We also show that the deconvolution filters in the first layer of the network resemble the center-surround structure found in biological neurons in the visual regions of the brain. Filtering with such kernels results in a sparse representation, a desired property that has been missing in the training of neural networks. Learning from the sparse representation promotes faster convergence and superior results without the use of batch normalization. We apply our network deconvolution operation to 10 modern neural network models by replacing batch normalization within each. Extensive experiments show that the network deconvolution operation is able to deliver performance improvement in all cases on the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, Cityscapes, and ImageNet datasets.	Network Deconvolution  Convolution is a central operation in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which applies a kernel to overlapping regions shifted across the image. However, because of the strong correlations in real-world image data, convolutional kernels are in effect re-learning redundant data. In this work, we show that this redundancy has made neural network training challenging, and propose network deconvolution, a procedure which optimally removes pixel-wise and channel-wise correlations before the data is fed into each layer. Network deconvolution can be efficiently calculated at a fraction of the computational cost of a convolution layer. We also show that the deconvolution filters in the first layer of the network resemble the center-surround structure found in biological neurons in the visual regions of the brain. Filtering with such kernels results in a sparse representation, a desired property that has been missing in the training of neural networks. Learning from the sparse representation promotes faster convergence and superior results without the use of batch normalization. We apply our network deconvolution operation to 10 modern neural network models by replacing batch normalization within each. Extensive experiments show that the network deconvolution operation is able to deliver performance improvement in all cases on the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, Cityscapes, and ImageNet datasets.	288
How do Convolutional Neural Networks develop more complex features?	Deep Likelihood Network for Image Restoration with Multiple Degradation   Levels  Convolutional neural networks have been proven effective in a variety of image restoration tasks. Most state-of-the-art solutions, however, are trained using images with a single particular degradation level, and their performance deteriorates drastically when applied to other degradation settings. In this paper, we propose deep likelihood network (DL-Net), aiming at generalizing off-the-shelf image restoration networks to succeed over a spectrum of degradation levels. We slightly modify an off-the-shelf network by appending a simple recursive module, which is derived from a fidelity term, for disentangling the computation for multiple degradation levels. Extensive experimental results on image inpainting, interpolation, and super-resolution show the effectiveness of our DL-Net.	Deep Likelihood Network for Image Restoration with Multiple Degradation   Levels  Convolutional neural networks have been proven effective in a variety of image restoration tasks. Most state-of-the-art solutions, however, are trained using images with a single particular degradation level, and their performance deteriorates drastically when applied to other degradation settings. In this paper, we propose deep likelihood network (DL-Net), aiming at generalizing off-the-shelf image restoration networks to succeed over a spectrum of degradation levels. We slightly modify an off-the-shelf network by appending a simple recursive module, which is derived from a fidelity term, for disentangling the computation for multiple degradation levels. Extensive experimental results on image inpainting, interpolation, and super-resolution show the effectiveness of our DL-Net.	306
Why dont they use activation functions in some CNNs for some last convolution layers?	On the Equivalence of Convolutional and Hadamard Networks using DFT  In this paper we introduce activation functions that move the entire computation of Convolutional Networks into the frequency domain, where they are actually Hadamard Networks. To achieve this result we employ the properties of Discrete Fourier Transform. We present some implementation details and experimental results, as well as some insights into why convolutional networks perform well in learning use cases.	On the Equivalence of Convolutional and Hadamard Networks using DFT  In this paper we introduce activation functions that move the entire computation of Convolutional Networks into the frequency domain, where they are actually Hadamard Networks. To achieve this result we employ the properties of Discrete Fourier Transform. We present some implementation details and experimental results, as well as some insights into why convolutional networks perform well in learning use cases.	304
Why dont they use activation functions in some CNNs for some last convolution layers?	Decoupled Networks  Inner product-based convolution has been a central component of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and the key to learning visual representations. Inspired by the observation that CNN-learned features are naturally decoupled with the norm of features corresponding to the intra-class variation and the angle corresponding to the semantic difference, we propose a generic decoupled learning framework which models the intra-class variation and semantic difference independently. Specifically, we first reparametrize the inner product to a decoupled form and then generalize it to the decoupled convolution operator which serves as the building block of our decoupled networks. We present several effective instances of the decoupled convolution operator. Each decoupled operator is well motivated and has an intuitive geometric interpretation. Based on these decoupled operators, we further propose to directly learn the operator from data. Extensive experiments show that such decoupled reparameterization renders significant performance gain with easier convergence and stronger robustness.	Decoupled Networks  Inner product-based convolution has been a central component of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and the key to learning visual representations. Inspired by the observation that CNN-learned features are naturally decoupled with the norm of features corresponding to the intra-class variation and the angle corresponding to the semantic difference, we propose a generic decoupled learning framework which models the intra-class variation and semantic difference independently. Specifically, we first reparametrize the inner product to a decoupled form and then generalize it to the decoupled convolution operator which serves as the building block of our decoupled networks. We present several effective instances of the decoupled convolution operator. Each decoupled operator is well motivated and has an intuitive geometric interpretation. Based on these decoupled operators, we further propose to directly learn the operator from data. Extensive experiments show that such decoupled reparameterization renders significant performance gain with easier convergence and stronger robustness.	330
Why dont they use activation functions in some CNNs for some last convolution layers?	On the Relationship between Self-Attention and Convolutional Layers  Recent trends of incorporating attention mechanisms in vision have led researchers to reconsider the supremacy of convolutional layers as a primary building block. Beyond helping CNNs to handle long-range dependencies, Ramachandran et al. (2019) showed that attention can completely replace convolution and achieve state-of-the-art performance on vision tasks. This raises the question: do learned attention layers operate similarly to convolutional layers? This work provides evidence that attention layers can perform convolution and, indeed, they often learn to do so in practice. Specifically, we prove that a multi-head self-attention layer with sufficient number of heads is at least as expressive as any convolutional layer. Our numerical experiments then show that self-attention layers attend to pixel-grid patterns similarly to CNN layers, corroborating our analysis. Our code is publicly available.	On the Relationship between Self-Attention and Convolutional Layers  Recent trends of incorporating attention mechanisms in vision have led researchers to reconsider the supremacy of convolutional layers as a primary building block. Beyond helping CNNs to handle long-range dependencies, Ramachandran et al. (2019) showed that attention can completely replace convolution and achieve state-of-the-art performance on vision tasks. This raises the question: do learned attention layers operate similarly to convolutional layers? This work provides evidence that attention layers can perform convolution and, indeed, they often learn to do so in practice. Specifically, we prove that a multi-head self-attention layer with sufficient number of heads is at least as expressive as any convolutional layer. Our numerical experiments then show that self-attention layers attend to pixel-grid patterns similarly to CNN layers, corroborating our analysis. Our code is publicly available.	330
Why dont they use activation functions in some CNNs for some last convolution layers?	Training Decision Trees as Replacement for Convolution Layers  We present an alternative layer to convolution layers in convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Our approach reduces the complexity of convolutions by replacing it with binary decisions. Those binary decisions are used as indexes to conditional distributions where each weight represents a leaf in a decision tree. This means that only the indices to the weights need to be determined once, thus reducing the complexity of convolutions by the depth of the output tensor. Index computation is performed by simple binary decisions that require fewer cycles compared to conventionally used multiplications. In addition, we show how convolutions can be replaced by binary decisions. These binary decisions form indices in the conditional distributions and we show how they are used to replace 2D weight matrices as well as 3D weight tensors. These new layers can be trained like convolution layers in CNNs based on the backpropagation algorithm, for which we provide a formalization.   Our results on multiple publicly available data sets show that our approach performs similar to conventional neuronal networks. Beyond the formalized reduction of complexity and the improved qualitative performance, we show the runtime improvement empirically compared to convolution layers.	Training Decision Trees as Replacement for Convolution Layers  We present an alternative layer to convolution layers in convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Our approach reduces the complexity of convolutions by replacing it with binary decisions. Those binary decisions are used as indexes to conditional distributions where each weight represents a leaf in a decision tree. This means that only the indices to the weights need to be determined once, thus reducing the complexity of convolutions by the depth of the output tensor. Index computation is performed by simple binary decisions that require fewer cycles compared to conventionally used multiplications. In addition, we show how convolutions can be replaced by binary decisions. These binary decisions form indices in the conditional distributions and we show how they are used to replace 2D weight matrices as well as 3D weight tensors. These new layers can be trained like convolution layers in CNNs based on the backpropagation algorithm, for which we provide a formalization.   Our results on multiple publicly available data sets show that our approach performs similar to conventional neuronal networks. Beyond the formalized reduction of complexity and the improved qualitative performance, we show the runtime improvement empirically compared to convolution layers.	330
Why dont they use activation functions in some CNNs for some last convolution layers?	Spectral Convolution Networks  Previous research has shown that computation of convolution in the frequency domain provides a significant speedup versus traditional convolution network implementations. However, this performance increase comes at the expense of repeatedly computing the transform and its inverse in order to apply other network operations such as activation, pooling, and dropout. We show, mathematically, how convolution and activation can both be implemented in the frequency domain using either the Fourier or Laplace transformation. The main contributions are a description of spectral activation under the Fourier transform and a further description of an efficient algorithm for computing both convolution and activation under the Laplace transform. By computing both the convolution and activation functions in the frequency domain, we can reduce the number of transforms required, as well as reducing overall complexity. Our description of a spectral activation function, together with existing spectral analogs of other network functions may then be used to compose a fully spectral implementation of a convolution network.	Spectral Convolution Networks  Previous research has shown that computation of convolution in the frequency domain provides a significant speedup versus traditional convolution network implementations. However, this performance increase comes at the expense of repeatedly computing the transform and its inverse in order to apply other network operations such as activation, pooling, and dropout. We show, mathematically, how convolution and activation can both be implemented in the frequency domain using either the Fourier or Laplace transformation. The main contributions are a description of spectral activation under the Fourier transform and a further description of an efficient algorithm for computing both convolution and activation under the Laplace transform. By computing both the convolution and activation functions in the frequency domain, we can reduce the number of transforms required, as well as reducing overall complexity. Our description of a spectral activation function, together with existing spectral analogs of other network functions may then be used to compose a fully spectral implementation of a convolution network.	332
What methods are used to increase the inference speed of convolutional neural networks?	A Review of Network Inference Techniques for Neural Activation Time   Series  Studying neural connectivity is considered one of the most promising and challenging areas of modern neuroscience. The underpinnings of cognition are hidden in the way neurons interact with each other. However, our experimental methods of studying real neural connections at a microscopic level are still arduous and costly. An efficient alternative is to infer connectivity based on the neuronal activations using computational methods. A reliable method for network inference, would not only facilitate research of neural circuits without the need of laborious experiments but also reveal insights on the underlying mechanisms of the brain. In this work, we perform a review of methods for neural circuit inference given the activation time series of the neural population. Approaching it from machine learning perspective, we divide the methodologies into unsupervised and supervised learning. The methods are based on correlation metrics, probabilistic point processes, and neural networks. Furthermore, we add a data mining methodology inspired by influence estimation in social networks as a new supervised learning approach. For comparison, we use the small version of the Chalearn Connectomics competition, that is accompanied with ground truth connections between neurons. The experiments indicate that unsupervised learning methods perform better, however, supervised methods could surpass them given enough data and resources.	A Review of Network Inference Techniques for Neural Activation Time   Series  Studying neural connectivity is considered one of the most promising and challenging areas of modern neuroscience. The underpinnings of cognition are hidden in the way neurons interact with each other. However, our experimental methods of studying real neural connections at a microscopic level are still arduous and costly. An efficient alternative is to infer connectivity based on the neuronal activations using computational methods. A reliable method for network inference, would not only facilitate research of neural circuits without the need of laborious experiments but also reveal insights on the underlying mechanisms of the brain. In this work, we perform a review of methods for neural circuit inference given the activation time series of the neural population. Approaching it from machine learning perspective, we divide the methodologies into unsupervised and supervised learning. The methods are based on correlation metrics, probabilistic point processes, and neural networks. Furthermore, we add a data mining methodology inspired by influence estimation in social networks as a new supervised learning approach. For comparison, we use the small version of the Chalearn Connectomics competition, that is accompanied with ground truth connections between neurons. The experiments indicate that unsupervised learning methods perform better, however, supervised methods could surpass them given enough data and resources.	332
What methods are used to increase the inference speed of convolutional neural networks?	Survey of Dropout Methods for Deep Neural Networks  Dropout methods are a family of stochastic techniques used in neural network training or inference that have generated significant research interest and are widely used in practice. They have been successfully applied in neural network regularization, model compression, and in measuring the uncertainty of neural network outputs. While original formulated for dense neural network layers, recent advances have made dropout methods also applicable to convolutional and recurrent neural network layers. This paper summarizes the history of dropout methods, their various applications, and current areas of research interest. Important proposed methods are described in additional detail.	Survey of Dropout Methods for Deep Neural Networks  Dropout methods are a family of stochastic techniques used in neural network training or inference that have generated significant research interest and are widely used in practice. They have been successfully applied in neural network regularization, model compression, and in measuring the uncertainty of neural network outputs. While original formulated for dense neural network layers, recent advances have made dropout methods also applicable to convolutional and recurrent neural network layers. This paper summarizes the history of dropout methods, their various applications, and current areas of research interest. Important proposed methods are described in additional detail.	323
What methods are used to increase the inference speed of convolutional neural networks?	Approximate Dynamic Programming with Neural Networks in Linear Discrete   Action Spaces  Real-world problems of operations research are typically high-dimensional and combinatorial. Linear programs are generally used to formulate and efficiently solve these large decision problems. However, in multi-period decision problems, we must often compute expected downstream values corresponding to current decisions. When applying stochastic methods to approximate these values, linear programs become restrictive for designing value function approximations (VFAs). In particular, the manual design of a polynomial VFA is challenging.   This paper presents an integrated approach for complex optimization problems, focusing on applications in the domain of operations research. It develops a hybrid solution method that combines linear programming and neural networks as part of approximate dynamic programming.   Our proposed solution method embeds neural network VFAs into linear decision problems, combining the nonlinear expressive power of neural networks with the efficiency of solving linear programs. As a proof of concept, we perform numerical experiments on a transportation problem. The neural network VFAs consistently outperform polynomial VFAs, with limited design and tuning effort.	Approximate Dynamic Programming with Neural Networks in Linear Discrete   Action Spaces  Real-world problems of operations research are typically high-dimensional and combinatorial. Linear programs are generally used to formulate and efficiently solve these large decision problems. However, in multi-period decision problems, we must often compute expected downstream values corresponding to current decisions. When applying stochastic methods to approximate these values, linear programs become restrictive for designing value function approximations (VFAs). In particular, the manual design of a polynomial VFA is challenging.   This paper presents an integrated approach for complex optimization problems, focusing on applications in the domain of operations research. It develops a hybrid solution method that combines linear programming and neural networks as part of approximate dynamic programming.   Our proposed solution method embeds neural network VFAs into linear decision problems, combining the nonlinear expressive power of neural networks with the efficiency of solving linear programs. As a proof of concept, we perform numerical experiments on a transportation problem. The neural network VFAs consistently outperform polynomial VFAs, with limited design and tuning effort.	342
What methods are used to increase the inference speed of convolutional neural networks?	Phase Retrieval Using Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks  In this paper, we propose the application of conditional generative adversarial networks to solve various phase retrieval problems. We show that including knowledge of the measurement process at training time leads to an optimization at test time that is more robust to initialization than existing approaches involving generative models. In addition, conditioning the generator network on the measurements enables us to achieve much more detailed results. We empirically demonstrate that these advantages provide meaningful solutions to the Fourier and the compressive phase retrieval problem and that our method outperforms well-established projection-based methods as well as existing methods that are based on neural networks. Like other deep learning methods, our approach is very robust to noise and can therefore be very useful for real-world applications.	Phase Retrieval Using Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks  In this paper, we propose the application of conditional generative adversarial networks to solve various phase retrieval problems. We show that including knowledge of the measurement process at training time leads to an optimization at test time that is more robust to initialization than existing approaches involving generative models. In addition, conditioning the generator network on the measurements enables us to achieve much more detailed results. We empirically demonstrate that these advantages provide meaningful solutions to the Fourier and the compressive phase retrieval problem and that our method outperforms well-established projection-based methods as well as existing methods that are based on neural networks. Like other deep learning methods, our approach is very robust to noise and can therefore be very useful for real-world applications.	342
What methods are used to increase the inference speed of convolutional neural networks?	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time. In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency. Our proposed models are referred to as the Runge-Kutta Convolutional Neural Networks (RKCNNs). The RKCNNs are evaluated on multiple benchmark datasets. The experimental results show that RKCNNs are vastly superior to other dynamical system network models: they achieve higher accuracy with much fewer resources. They also expand the family of network models based on numerical methods for dynamical systems.	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time. In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency. Our proposed models are referred to as the Runge-Kutta Convolutional Neural Networks (RKCNNs). The RKCNNs are evaluated on multiple benchmark datasets. The experimental results show that RKCNNs are vastly superior to other dynamical system network models: they achieve higher accuracy with much fewer resources. They also expand the family of network models based on numerical methods for dynamical systems.	347
What is the usefulness of batch normalization in very deep convolutional neural network?	Wide Residual Networks  Deep residual networks were shown to be able to scale up to thousands of layers and still have improving performance. However, each fraction of a percent of improved accuracy costs nearly doubling the number of layers, and so training very deep residual networks has a problem of diminishing feature reuse, which makes these networks very slow to train. To tackle these problems, in this paper we conduct a detailed experimental study on the architecture of ResNet blocks, based on which we propose a novel architecture where we decrease depth and increase width of residual networks. We call the resulting network structures wide residual networks (WRNs) and show that these are far superior over their commonly used thin and very deep counterparts. For example, we demonstrate that even a simple 16-layer-deep wide residual network outperforms in accuracy and efficiency all previous deep residual networks, including thousand-layer-deep networks, achieving new state-of-the-art results on CIFAR, SVHN, COCO, and significant improvements on ImageNet. Our code and models are available at https://github.com/szagoruyko/wide-residual-networks	Wide Residual Networks  Deep residual networks were shown to be able to scale up to thousands of layers and still have improving performance. However, each fraction of a percent of improved accuracy costs nearly doubling the number of layers, and so training very deep residual networks has a problem of diminishing feature reuse, which makes these networks very slow to train. To tackle these problems, in this paper we conduct a detailed experimental study on the architecture of ResNet blocks, based on which we propose a novel architecture where we decrease depth and increase width of residual networks. We call the resulting network structures wide residual networks (WRNs) and show that these are far superior over their commonly used thin and very deep counterparts. For example, we demonstrate that even a simple 16-layer-deep wide residual network outperforms in accuracy and efficiency all previous deep residual networks, including thousand-layer-deep networks, achieving new state-of-the-art results on CIFAR, SVHN, COCO, and significant improvements on ImageNet. Our code and models are available at https://github.com/szagoruyko/wide-residual-networks	314
What is the usefulness of batch normalization in very deep convolutional neural network?	On the Analysis of Trajectories of Gradient Descent in the Optimization   of Deep Neural Networks  Theoretical analysis of the error landscape of deep neural networks has garnered significant interest in recent years. In this work, we theoretically study the importance of noise in the trajectories of gradient descent towards optimal solutions in multi-layer neural networks. We show that adding noise (in different ways) to a neural network while training increases the rank of the product of weight matrices of a multi-layer linear neural network. We thus study how adding noise can assist reaching a global optimum when the product matrix is full-rank (under certain conditions). We establish theoretical foundations between the noise induced into the neural network - either to the gradient, to the architecture, or to the input/output to a neural network - and the rank of product of weight matrices. We corroborate our theoretical findings with empirical results.	On the Analysis of Trajectories of Gradient Descent in the Optimization   of Deep Neural Networks  Theoretical analysis of the error landscape of deep neural networks has garnered significant interest in recent years. In this work, we theoretically study the importance of noise in the trajectories of gradient descent towards optimal solutions in multi-layer neural networks. We show that adding noise (in different ways) to a neural network while training increases the rank of the product of weight matrices of a multi-layer linear neural network. We thus study how adding noise can assist reaching a global optimum when the product matrix is full-rank (under certain conditions). We establish theoretical foundations between the noise induced into the neural network - either to the gradient, to the architecture, or to the input/output to a neural network - and the rank of product of weight matrices. We corroborate our theoretical findings with empirical results.	305
What is the usefulness of batch normalization in very deep convolutional neural network?	On Study of the Binarized Deep Neural Network for Image Classification  Recently, the deep neural network (derived from the artificial neural network) has attracted many researchers' attention by its outstanding performance. However, since this network requires high-performance GPUs and large storage, it is very hard to use it on individual devices. In order to improve the deep neural network, many trials have been made by refining the network structure or training strategy. Unlike those trials, in this paper, we focused on the basic propagation function of the artificial neural network and proposed the binarized deep neural network. This network is a pure binary system, in which all the values and calculations are binarized. As a result, our network can save a lot of computational resource and storage. Therefore, it is possible to use it on various devices. Moreover, the experimental results proved the feasibility of the proposed network.	On Study of the Binarized Deep Neural Network for Image Classification  Recently, the deep neural network (derived from the artificial neural network) has attracted many researchers' attention by its outstanding performance. However, since this network requires high-performance GPUs and large storage, it is very hard to use it on individual devices. In order to improve the deep neural network, many trials have been made by refining the network structure or training strategy. Unlike those trials, in this paper, we focused on the basic propagation function of the artificial neural network and proposed the binarized deep neural network. This network is a pure binary system, in which all the values and calculations are binarized. As a result, our network can save a lot of computational resource and storage. Therefore, it is possible to use it on various devices. Moreover, the experimental results proved the feasibility of the proposed network.	295
What is the usefulness of batch normalization in very deep convolutional neural network?	Deep Convolutional Framelets: A General Deep Learning Framework for   Inverse Problems  Recently, deep learning approaches with various network architectures have achieved significant performance improvement over existing iterative reconstruction methods in various imaging problems. However, it is still unclear why these deep learning architectures work for specific inverse problems. To address these issues, here we show that the long-searched-for missing link is the convolution framelets for representing a signal by convolving local and non-local bases. The convolution framelets was originally developed to generalize the theory of low-rank Hankel matrix approaches for inverse problems, and this paper further extends the idea so that we can obtain a deep neural network using multilayer convolution framelets with perfect reconstruction (PR) under rectilinear linear unit nonlinearity (ReLU). Our analysis also shows that the popular deep network components such as residual block, redundant filter channels, and concatenated ReLU (CReLU) do indeed help to achieve the PR, while the pooling and unpooling layers should be augmented with high-pass branches to meet the PR condition. Moreover, by changing the number of filter channels and bias, we can control the shrinkage behaviors of the neural network. This discovery leads us to propose a novel theory for deep convolutional framelets neural network. Using numerical experiments with various inverse problems, we demonstrated that our deep convolution framelets network shows consistent improvement over existing deep architectures.This discovery suggests that the success of deep learning is not from a magical power of a black-box, but rather comes from the power of a novel signal representation using non-local basis combined with data-driven local basis, which is indeed a natural extension of classical signal processing theory.	Deep Convolutional Framelets: A General Deep Learning Framework for   Inverse Problems  Recently, deep learning approaches with various network architectures have achieved significant performance improvement over existing iterative reconstruction methods in various imaging problems. However, it is still unclear why these deep learning architectures work for specific inverse problems. To address these issues, here we show that the long-searched-for missing link is the convolution framelets for representing a signal by convolving local and non-local bases. The convolution framelets was originally developed to generalize the theory of low-rank Hankel matrix approaches for inverse problems, and this paper further extends the idea so that we can obtain a deep neural network using multilayer convolution framelets with perfect reconstruction (PR) under rectilinear linear unit nonlinearity (ReLU). Our analysis also shows that the popular deep network components such as residual block, redundant filter channels, and concatenated ReLU (CReLU) do indeed help to achieve the PR, while the pooling and unpooling layers should be augmented with high-pass branches to meet the PR condition. Moreover, by changing the number of filter channels and bias, we can control the shrinkage behaviors of the neural network. This discovery leads us to propose a novel theory for deep convolutional framelets neural network. Using numerical experiments with various inverse problems, we demonstrated that our deep convolution framelets network shows consistent improvement over existing deep architectures.This discovery suggests that the success of deep learning is not from a magical power of a black-box, but rather comes from the power of a novel signal representation using non-local basis combined with data-driven local basis, which is indeed a natural extension of classical signal processing theory.	311
What is the usefulness of batch normalization in very deep convolutional neural network?	Exploring Generalization in Deep Learning  With a goal of understanding what drives generalization in deep networks, we consider several recently suggested explanations, including norm-based control, sharpness and robustness. We study how these measures can ensure generalization, highlighting the importance of scale normalization, and making a connection between sharpness and PAC-Bayes theory. We then investigate how well the measures explain different observed phenomena.	Exploring Generalization in Deep Learning  With a goal of understanding what drives generalization in deep networks, we consider several recently suggested explanations, including norm-based control, sharpness and robustness. We study how these measures can ensure generalization, highlighting the importance of scale normalization, and making a connection between sharpness and PAC-Bayes theory. We then investigate how well the measures explain different observed phenomena.	314
Why do we use fully connected layer at the end of a CNN instead of convolution layers?	Optimization of the Area Under the ROC Curve using Neural Network   Supervectors for Text-Dependent Speaker Verification  This paper explores two techniques to improve the performance of text-dependent speaker verification systems based on deep neural networks. Firstly, we propose a general alignment mechanism to keep the temporal structure of each phrase and obtain a supervector with the speaker and phrase information, since both are relevant for a text-dependent verification. As we show, it is possible to use different alignment techniques to replace the global average pooling providing significant gains in performance. Moreover, we also present a novel back-end approach to train a neural network for detection tasks by optimizing the Area Under the Curve (AUC) as an alternative to the usual triplet loss function, so the system is end-to-end, with a cost function close to our desired measure of performance. As we can see in the experimental section, this approach improves the system performance, since our triplet neural network based on an approximation of the AUC (aAUC) learns how to discriminate between pairs of examples from the same identity and pairs of different identities. The different alignment techniques to produce supervectors in addition to the new back-end approach were tested on the RSR2015-Part I database for text-dependent speaker verification, providing competitive results compared to similar size networks using the global average pooling to extract supervectors and using a simple back-end or triplet loss training.	Optimization of the Area Under the ROC Curve using Neural Network   Supervectors for Text-Dependent Speaker Verification  This paper explores two techniques to improve the performance of text-dependent speaker verification systems based on deep neural networks. Firstly, we propose a general alignment mechanism to keep the temporal structure of each phrase and obtain a supervector with the speaker and phrase information, since both are relevant for a text-dependent verification. As we show, it is possible to use different alignment techniques to replace the global average pooling providing significant gains in performance. Moreover, we also present a novel back-end approach to train a neural network for detection tasks by optimizing the Area Under the Curve (AUC) as an alternative to the usual triplet loss function, so the system is end-to-end, with a cost function close to our desired measure of performance. As we can see in the experimental section, this approach improves the system performance, since our triplet neural network based on an approximation of the AUC (aAUC) learns how to discriminate between pairs of examples from the same identity and pairs of different identities. The different alignment techniques to produce supervectors in addition to the new back-end approach were tested on the RSR2015-Part I database for text-dependent speaker verification, providing competitive results compared to similar size networks using the global average pooling to extract supervectors and using a simple back-end or triplet loss training.	382
Why do we use fully connected layer at the end of a CNN instead of convolution layers?	Baseline Detection in Historical Documents using Convolutional U-Nets  Baseline detection is still a challenging task for heterogeneous collections of historical documents. We present a novel approach to baseline extraction in such settings, turning out the winning entry to the ICDAR 2017 Competition on Baseline detection (cBAD). It utilizes deep convolutional nets (CNNs) for both, the actual extraction of baselines, as well as for a simple form of layout analysis in a pre-processing step. To the best of our knowledge it is the first CNN-based system for baseline extraction applying a U-net architecture and sliding window detection, profiting from a high local accuracy of the candidate lines extracted. Final baseline post-processing complements our approach, compensating for inaccuracies mainly due to missing context information during sliding window detection. We experimentally evaluate the components of our system individually on the cBAD dataset. Moreover, we investigate how it generalizes to different data by means of the dataset used for the baseline extraction task of the ICDAR 2017 Competition on Layout Analysis for Challenging Medieval Manuscripts (HisDoc). A comparison with the results reported for HisDoc shows that it also outperforms the contestants of the latter.	Baseline Detection in Historical Documents using Convolutional U-Nets  Baseline detection is still a challenging task for heterogeneous collections of historical documents. We present a novel approach to baseline extraction in such settings, turning out the winning entry to the ICDAR 2017 Competition on Baseline detection (cBAD). It utilizes deep convolutional nets (CNNs) for both, the actual extraction of baselines, as well as for a simple form of layout analysis in a pre-processing step. To the best of our knowledge it is the first CNN-based system for baseline extraction applying a U-net architecture and sliding window detection, profiting from a high local accuracy of the candidate lines extracted. Final baseline post-processing complements our approach, compensating for inaccuracies mainly due to missing context information during sliding window detection. We experimentally evaluate the components of our system individually on the cBAD dataset. Moreover, we investigate how it generalizes to different data by means of the dataset used for the baseline extraction task of the ICDAR 2017 Competition on Layout Analysis for Challenging Medieval Manuscripts (HisDoc). A comparison with the results reported for HisDoc shows that it also outperforms the contestants of the latter.	388
Why do we use fully connected layer at the end of a CNN instead of convolution layers?	On the Relationship between Self-Attention and Convolutional Layers  Recent trends of incorporating attention mechanisms in vision have led researchers to reconsider the supremacy of convolutional layers as a primary building block. Beyond helping CNNs to handle long-range dependencies, Ramachandran et al. (2019) showed that attention can completely replace convolution and achieve state-of-the-art performance on vision tasks. This raises the question: do learned attention layers operate similarly to convolutional layers? This work provides evidence that attention layers can perform convolution and, indeed, they often learn to do so in practice. Specifically, we prove that a multi-head self-attention layer with sufficient number of heads is at least as expressive as any convolutional layer. Our numerical experiments then show that self-attention layers attend to pixel-grid patterns similarly to CNN layers, corroborating our analysis. Our code is publicly available.	On the Relationship between Self-Attention and Convolutional Layers  Recent trends of incorporating attention mechanisms in vision have led researchers to reconsider the supremacy of convolutional layers as a primary building block. Beyond helping CNNs to handle long-range dependencies, Ramachandran et al. (2019) showed that attention can completely replace convolution and achieve state-of-the-art performance on vision tasks. This raises the question: do learned attention layers operate similarly to convolutional layers? This work provides evidence that attention layers can perform convolution and, indeed, they often learn to do so in practice. Specifically, we prove that a multi-head self-attention layer with sufficient number of heads is at least as expressive as any convolutional layer. Our numerical experiments then show that self-attention layers attend to pixel-grid patterns similarly to CNN layers, corroborating our analysis. Our code is publicly available.	388
Why do we use fully connected layer at the end of a CNN instead of convolution layers?	Insights into End-to-End Learning Scheme for Language Identification  A novel interpretable end-to-end learning scheme for language identification is proposed. It is in line with the classical GMM i-vector methods both theoretically and practically. In the end-to-end pipeline, a general encoding layer is employed on top of the front-end CNN, so that it can encode the variable-length input sequence into an utterance level vector automatically. After comparing with the state-of-the-art GMM i-vector methods, we give insights into CNN, and reveal its role and effect in the whole pipeline. We further introduce a general encoding layer, illustrating the reason why they might be appropriate for language identification. We elaborate on several typical encoding layers, including a temporal average pooling layer, a recurrent encoding layer and a novel learnable dictionary encoding layer. We conducted experiment on NIST LRE07 closed-set task, and the results show that our proposed end-to-end systems achieve state-of-the-art performance.	Insights into End-to-End Learning Scheme for Language Identification  A novel interpretable end-to-end learning scheme for language identification is proposed. It is in line with the classical GMM i-vector methods both theoretically and practically. In the end-to-end pipeline, a general encoding layer is employed on top of the front-end CNN, so that it can encode the variable-length input sequence into an utterance level vector automatically. After comparing with the state-of-the-art GMM i-vector methods, we give insights into CNN, and reveal its role and effect in the whole pipeline. We further introduce a general encoding layer, illustrating the reason why they might be appropriate for language identification. We elaborate on several typical encoding layers, including a temporal average pooling layer, a recurrent encoding layer and a novel learnable dictionary encoding layer. We conducted experiment on NIST LRE07 closed-set task, and the results show that our proposed end-to-end systems achieve state-of-the-art performance.	355
Why do we use fully connected layer at the end of a CNN instead of convolution layers?	End-to-End Boundary Aware Networks for Medical Image Segmentation  Fully convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have proven to be effective at representing and classifying textural information, thus transforming image intensity into output class masks that achieve semantic image segmentation. In medical image analysis, however, expert manual segmentation often relies on the boundaries of anatomical structures of interest. We propose boundary aware CNNs for medical image segmentation. Our networks are designed to account for organ boundary information, both by providing a special network edge branch and edge-aware loss terms, and they are trainable end-to-end. We validate their effectiveness on the task of brain tumor segmentation using the BraTS 2018 dataset. Our experiments reveal that our approach yields more accurate segmentation results, which makes it promising for more extensive application to medical image segmentation.	End-to-End Boundary Aware Networks for Medical Image Segmentation  Fully convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have proven to be effective at representing and classifying textural information, thus transforming image intensity into output class masks that achieve semantic image segmentation. In medical image analysis, however, expert manual segmentation often relies on the boundaries of anatomical structures of interest. We propose boundary aware CNNs for medical image segmentation. Our networks are designed to account for organ boundary information, both by providing a special network edge branch and edge-aware loss terms, and they are trainable end-to-end. We validate their effectiveness on the task of brain tumor segmentation using the BraTS 2018 dataset. Our experiments reveal that our approach yields more accurate segmentation results, which makes it promising for more extensive application to medical image segmentation.	366
What may be the cause of this training loss curve for a convolution neural network?	DropNeuron: Simplifying the Structure of Deep Neural Networks  Deep learning using multi-layer neural networks (NNs) architecture manifests superb power in modern machine learning systems. The trained Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are typically large. The question we would like to address is whether it is possible to simplify the NN during training process to achieve a reasonable performance within an acceptable computational time. We presented a novel approach of optimising a deep neural network through regularisation of net- work architecture. We proposed regularisers which support a simple mechanism of dropping neurons during a network training process. The method supports the construction of a simpler deep neural networks with compatible performance with its simplified version. As a proof of concept, we evaluate the proposed method with examples including sparse linear regression, deep autoencoder and convolutional neural network. The valuations demonstrate excellent performance.   The code for this work can be found in http://www.github.com/panweihit/DropNeuron	DropNeuron: Simplifying the Structure of Deep Neural Networks  Deep learning using multi-layer neural networks (NNs) architecture manifests superb power in modern machine learning systems. The trained Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are typically large. The question we would like to address is whether it is possible to simplify the NN during training process to achieve a reasonable performance within an acceptable computational time. We presented a novel approach of optimising a deep neural network through regularisation of net- work architecture. We proposed regularisers which support a simple mechanism of dropping neurons during a network training process. The method supports the construction of a simpler deep neural networks with compatible performance with its simplified version. As a proof of concept, we evaluate the proposed method with examples including sparse linear regression, deep autoencoder and convolutional neural network. The valuations demonstrate excellent performance.   The code for this work can be found in http://www.github.com/panweihit/DropNeuron	327
What may be the cause of this training loss curve for a convolution neural network?	Channel Normalization in Convolutional Neural Network avoids Vanishing   Gradients  Normalization layers are widely used in deep neural networks to stabilize training. In this paper, we consider the training of convolutional neural networks with gradient descent on a single training example. This optimization problem arises in recent approaches for solving inverse problems such as the deep image prior or the deep decoder. We show that for this setup, channel normalization, which centers and normalizes each channel individually, avoids vanishing gradients, whereas, without normalization, gradients vanish which prevents efficient optimization. This effect prevails in deep single-channel linear convolutional networks, and we show that without channel normalization, gradient descent takes at least exponentially many steps to come close to an optimum. Contrary, with channel normalization, the gradients remain bounded, thus avoiding exploding gradients.	Channel Normalization in Convolutional Neural Network avoids Vanishing   Gradients  Normalization layers are widely used in deep neural networks to stabilize training. In this paper, we consider the training of convolutional neural networks with gradient descent on a single training example. This optimization problem arises in recent approaches for solving inverse problems such as the deep image prior or the deep decoder. We show that for this setup, channel normalization, which centers and normalizes each channel individually, avoids vanishing gradients, whereas, without normalization, gradients vanish which prevents efficient optimization. This effect prevails in deep single-channel linear convolutional networks, and we show that without channel normalization, gradient descent takes at least exponentially many steps to come close to an optimum. Contrary, with channel normalization, the gradients remain bounded, thus avoiding exploding gradients.	333
What may be the cause of this training loss curve for a convolution neural network?	Dictionary Learning by Dynamical Neural Networks  A dynamical neural network consists of a set of interconnected neurons that interact over time continuously. It can exhibit computational properties in the sense that the dynamical system's evolution and/or limit points in the associated state space can correspond to numerical solutions to certain mathematical optimization or learning problems. Such a computational system is particularly attractive in that it can be mapped to a massively parallel computer architecture for power and throughput efficiency, especially if each neuron can rely solely on local information (i.e., local memory). Deriving gradients from the dynamical network's various states while conforming to this last constraint, however, is challenging. We show that by combining ideas of top-down feedback and contrastive learning, a dynamical network for solving the l1-minimizing dictionary learning problem can be constructed, and the true gradients for learning are provably computable by individual neurons. Using spiking neurons to construct our dynamical network, we present a learning process, its rigorous mathematical analysis, and numerical results on several dictionary learning problems.	Dictionary Learning by Dynamical Neural Networks  A dynamical neural network consists of a set of interconnected neurons that interact over time continuously. It can exhibit computational properties in the sense that the dynamical system's evolution and/or limit points in the associated state space can correspond to numerical solutions to certain mathematical optimization or learning problems. Such a computational system is particularly attractive in that it can be mapped to a massively parallel computer architecture for power and throughput efficiency, especially if each neuron can rely solely on local information (i.e., local memory). Deriving gradients from the dynamical network's various states while conforming to this last constraint, however, is challenging. We show that by combining ideas of top-down feedback and contrastive learning, a dynamical network for solving the l1-minimizing dictionary learning problem can be constructed, and the true gradients for learning are provably computable by individual neurons. Using spiking neurons to construct our dynamical network, we present a learning process, its rigorous mathematical analysis, and numerical results on several dictionary learning problems.	334
What may be the cause of this training loss curve for a convolution neural network?	Learning Compact Convolutional Neural Networks with Nested Dropout  Recently, nested dropout was proposed as a method for ordering representation units in autoencoders by their information content, without diminishing reconstruction cost. However, it has only been applied to training fully-connected autoencoders in an unsupervised setting. We explore the impact of nested dropout on the convolutional layers in a CNN trained by backpropagation, investigating whether nested dropout can provide a simple and systematic way to determine the optimal representation size with respect to the desired accuracy and desired task and data complexity.	Learning Compact Convolutional Neural Networks with Nested Dropout  Recently, nested dropout was proposed as a method for ordering representation units in autoencoders by their information content, without diminishing reconstruction cost. However, it has only been applied to training fully-connected autoencoders in an unsupervised setting. We explore the impact of nested dropout on the convolutional layers in a CNN trained by backpropagation, investigating whether nested dropout can provide a simple and systematic way to determine the optimal representation size with respect to the desired accuracy and desired task and data complexity.	325
What may be the cause of this training loss curve for a convolution neural network?	Neural Nets via Forward State Transformation and Backward Loss   Transformation  This article studies (multilayer perceptron) neural networks with an emphasis on the transformations involved --- both forward and backward --- in order to develop a semantical/logical perspective that is in line with standard program semantics. The common two-pass neural network training algorithms make this viewpoint particularly fitting. In the forward direction, neural networks act as state transformers. In the reverse direction, however, neural networks change losses of outputs to losses of inputs, thereby acting like a (real-valued) predicate transformer. In this way, backpropagation is functorial by construction, as shown earlier in recent other work. We illustrate this perspective by training a simple instance of a neural network.	Neural Nets via Forward State Transformation and Backward Loss   Transformation  This article studies (multilayer perceptron) neural networks with an emphasis on the transformations involved --- both forward and backward --- in order to develop a semantical/logical perspective that is in line with standard program semantics. The common two-pass neural network training algorithms make this viewpoint particularly fitting. In the forward direction, neural networks act as state transformers. In the reverse direction, however, neural networks change losses of outputs to losses of inputs, thereby acting like a (real-valued) predicate transformer. In this way, backpropagation is functorial by construction, as shown earlier in recent other work. We illustrate this perspective by training a simple instance of a neural network.	312
The convolutional neural network Im trying to train is settling at a particular training loss value and a training accuracy just after a few epochs. What can be the possible reasons?	Cheap Orthogonal Constraints in Neural Networks: A Simple   Parametrization of the Orthogonal and Unitary Group  We introduce a novel approach to perform first-order optimization with orthogonal and unitary constraints. This approach is based on a parametrization stemming from Lie group theory through the exponential map. The parametrization transforms the constrained optimization problem into an unconstrained one over a Euclidean space, for which common first-order optimization methods can be used. The theoretical results presented are general enough to cover the special orthogonal group, the unitary group and, in general, any connected compact Lie group. We discuss how this and other parametrizations can be computed efficiently through an implementation trick, making numerically complex parametrizations usable at a negligible runtime cost in neural networks. In particular, we apply our results to RNNs with orthogonal recurrent weights, yielding a new architecture called expRNN. We demonstrate how our method constitutes a more robust approach to optimization with orthogonal constraints, showing faster, accurate, and more stable convergence in several tasks designed to test RNNs.	Cheap Orthogonal Constraints in Neural Networks: A Simple   Parametrization of the Orthogonal and Unitary Group  We introduce a novel approach to perform first-order optimization with orthogonal and unitary constraints. This approach is based on a parametrization stemming from Lie group theory through the exponential map. The parametrization transforms the constrained optimization problem into an unconstrained one over a Euclidean space, for which common first-order optimization methods can be used. The theoretical results presented are general enough to cover the special orthogonal group, the unitary group and, in general, any connected compact Lie group. We discuss how this and other parametrizations can be computed efficiently through an implementation trick, making numerically complex parametrizations usable at a negligible runtime cost in neural networks. In particular, we apply our results to RNNs with orthogonal recurrent weights, yielding a new architecture called expRNN. We demonstrate how our method constitutes a more robust approach to optimization with orthogonal constraints, showing faster, accurate, and more stable convergence in several tasks designed to test RNNs.	245
The convolutional neural network Im trying to train is settling at a particular training loss value and a training accuracy just after a few epochs. What can be the possible reasons?	On Recurrent Neural Networks for Sequence-based Processing in   Communications  In this work, we analyze the capabilities and practical limitations of neural networks (NNs) for sequence-based signal processing which can be seen as an omnipresent property in almost any modern communication systems. In particular, we train multiple state-of-the-art recurrent neural network (RNN) structures to learn how to decode convolutional codes allowing a clear benchmarking with the corresponding maximum likelihood (ML) Viterbi decoder. We examine the decoding performance for various kinds of NN architectures, beginning with classical types like feedforward layers and gated recurrent unit (GRU)-layers, up to more recently introduced architectures such as temporal convolutional networks (TCNs) and differentiable neural computers (DNCs) with external memory. As a key limitation, it turns out that the training complexity increases exponentially with the length of the encoding memory $\nu$ and, thus, practically limits the achievable bit error rate (BER) performance. To overcome this limitation, we introduce a new training-method by gradually increasing the number of ones within the training sequences, i.e., we constrain the amount of possible training sequences in the beginning until first convergence. By consecutively adding more and more possible sequences to the training set, we finally achieve training success in cases that did not converge before via naive training. Further, we show that our network can learn to jointly detect and decode a quadrature phase shift keying (QPSK) modulated code with sub-optimal (anti-Gray) labeling in one-shot at a performance that would require iterations between demapper and decoder in classic detection schemes.	On Recurrent Neural Networks for Sequence-based Processing in   Communications  In this work, we analyze the capabilities and practical limitations of neural networks (NNs) for sequence-based signal processing which can be seen as an omnipresent property in almost any modern communication systems. In particular, we train multiple state-of-the-art recurrent neural network (RNN) structures to learn how to decode convolutional codes allowing a clear benchmarking with the corresponding maximum likelihood (ML) Viterbi decoder. We examine the decoding performance for various kinds of NN architectures, beginning with classical types like feedforward layers and gated recurrent unit (GRU)-layers, up to more recently introduced architectures such as temporal convolutional networks (TCNs) and differentiable neural computers (DNCs) with external memory. As a key limitation, it turns out that the training complexity increases exponentially with the length of the encoding memory $\nu$ and, thus, practically limits the achievable bit error rate (BER) performance. To overcome this limitation, we introduce a new training-method by gradually increasing the number of ones within the training sequences, i.e., we constrain the amount of possible training sequences in the beginning until first convergence. By consecutively adding more and more possible sequences to the training set, we finally achieve training success in cases that did not converge before via naive training. Further, we show that our network can learn to jointly detect and decode a quadrature phase shift keying (QPSK) modulated code with sub-optimal (anti-Gray) labeling in one-shot at a performance that would require iterations between demapper and decoder in classic detection schemes.	235
The convolutional neural network Im trying to train is settling at a particular training loss value and a training accuracy just after a few epochs. What can be the possible reasons?	Convergence of Adversarial Training in Overparametrized Neural Networks  Neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples, i.e. inputs that are imperceptibly perturbed from natural data and yet incorrectly classified by the network. Adversarial training, a heuristic form of robust optimization that alternates between minimization and maximization steps, has proven to be among the most successful methods to train networks to be robust against a pre-defined family of perturbations. This paper provides a partial answer to the success of adversarial training, by showing that it converges to a network where the surrogate loss with respect to the the attack algorithm is within $\epsilon$ of the optimal robust loss. Then we show that the optimal robust loss is also close to zero, hence adversarial training finds a robust classifier. The analysis technique leverages recent work on the analysis of neural networks via Neural Tangent Kernel (NTK), combined with motivation from online-learning when the maximization is solved by a heuristic, and the expressiveness of the NTK kernel in the $\ell_\infty$-norm. In addition, we also prove that robust interpolation requires more model capacity, supporting the evidence that adversarial training requires wider networks.	Convergence of Adversarial Training in Overparametrized Neural Networks  Neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples, i.e. inputs that are imperceptibly perturbed from natural data and yet incorrectly classified by the network. Adversarial training, a heuristic form of robust optimization that alternates between minimization and maximization steps, has proven to be among the most successful methods to train networks to be robust against a pre-defined family of perturbations. This paper provides a partial answer to the success of adversarial training, by showing that it converges to a network where the surrogate loss with respect to the the attack algorithm is within $\epsilon$ of the optimal robust loss. Then we show that the optimal robust loss is also close to zero, hence adversarial training finds a robust classifier. The analysis technique leverages recent work on the analysis of neural networks via Neural Tangent Kernel (NTK), combined with motivation from online-learning when the maximization is solved by a heuristic, and the expressiveness of the NTK kernel in the $\ell_\infty$-norm. In addition, we also prove that robust interpolation requires more model capacity, supporting the evidence that adversarial training requires wider networks.	244
The convolutional neural network Im trying to train is settling at a particular training loss value and a training accuracy just after a few epochs. What can be the possible reasons?	Doing the impossible: Why neural networks can be trained at all  As deep neural networks grow in size, from thousands to millions to billions of weights, the performance of those networks becomes limited by our ability to accurately train them. A common naive question arises: if we have a system with billions of degrees of freedom, don't we also need billions of samples to train it? Of course, the success of deep learning indicates that reliable models can be learned with reasonable amounts of data. Similar questions arise in protein folding, spin glasses and biological neural networks. With effectively infinite potential folding/spin/wiring configurations, how does the system find the precise arrangement that leads to useful and robust results? Simple sampling of the possible configurations until an optimal one is reached is not a viable option even if one waited for the age of the universe. On the contrary, there appears to be a mechanism in the above phenomena that forces them to achieve configurations that live on a low-dimensional manifold, avoiding the curse of dimensionality. In the current work we use the concept of mutual information between successive layers of a deep neural network to elucidate this mechanism and suggest possible ways of exploiting it to accelerate training. We show that adding structure to the neural network that enforces higher mutual information between layers speeds training and leads to more accurate results. High mutual information between layers implies that the effective number of free parameters is exponentially smaller than the raw number of tunable weights.	Doing the impossible: Why neural networks can be trained at all  As deep neural networks grow in size, from thousands to millions to billions of weights, the performance of those networks becomes limited by our ability to accurately train them. A common naive question arises: if we have a system with billions of degrees of freedom, don't we also need billions of samples to train it? Of course, the success of deep learning indicates that reliable models can be learned with reasonable amounts of data. Similar questions arise in protein folding, spin glasses and biological neural networks. With effectively infinite potential folding/spin/wiring configurations, how does the system find the precise arrangement that leads to useful and robust results? Simple sampling of the possible configurations until an optimal one is reached is not a viable option even if one waited for the age of the universe. On the contrary, there appears to be a mechanism in the above phenomena that forces them to achieve configurations that live on a low-dimensional manifold, avoiding the curse of dimensionality. In the current work we use the concept of mutual information between successive layers of a deep neural network to elucidate this mechanism and suggest possible ways of exploiting it to accelerate training. We show that adding structure to the neural network that enforces higher mutual information between layers speeds training and leads to more accurate results. High mutual information between layers implies that the effective number of free parameters is exponentially smaller than the raw number of tunable weights.	241
The convolutional neural network Im trying to train is settling at a particular training loss value and a training accuracy just after a few epochs. What can be the possible reasons?	Kitsune: An Ensemble of Autoencoders for Online Network Intrusion   Detection  Neural networks have become an increasingly popular solution for network intrusion detection systems (NIDS). Their capability of learning complex patterns and behaviors make them a suitable solution for differentiating between normal traffic and network attacks. However, a drawback of neural networks is the amount of resources needed to train them. Many network gateways and routers devices, which could potentially host an NIDS, simply do not have the memory or processing power to train and sometimes even execute such models. More importantly, the existing neural network solutions are trained in a supervised manner. Meaning that an expert must label the network traffic and update the model manually from time to time.   In this paper, we present Kitsune: a plug and play NIDS which can learn to detect attacks on the local network, without supervision, and in an efficient online manner. Kitsune's core algorithm (KitNET) uses an ensemble of neural networks called autoencoders to collectively differentiate between normal and abnormal traffic patterns. KitNET is supported by a feature extraction framework which efficiently tracks the patterns of every network channel. Our evaluations show that Kitsune can detect various attacks with a performance comparable to offline anomaly detectors, even on a Raspberry PI. This demonstrates that Kitsune can be a practical and economic NIDS.	Kitsune: An Ensemble of Autoencoders for Online Network Intrusion   Detection  Neural networks have become an increasingly popular solution for network intrusion detection systems (NIDS). Their capability of learning complex patterns and behaviors make them a suitable solution for differentiating between normal traffic and network attacks. However, a drawback of neural networks is the amount of resources needed to train them. Many network gateways and routers devices, which could potentially host an NIDS, simply do not have the memory or processing power to train and sometimes even execute such models. More importantly, the existing neural network solutions are trained in a supervised manner. Meaning that an expert must label the network traffic and update the model manually from time to time.   In this paper, we present Kitsune: a plug and play NIDS which can learn to detect attacks on the local network, without supervision, and in an efficient online manner. Kitsune's core algorithm (KitNET) uses an ensemble of neural networks called autoencoders to collectively differentiate between normal and abnormal traffic patterns. KitNET is supported by a feature extraction framework which efficiently tracks the patterns of every network channel. Our evaluations show that Kitsune can detect various attacks with a performance comparable to offline anomaly detectors, even on a Raspberry PI. This demonstrates that Kitsune can be a practical and economic NIDS.	237
Why do we use shared weights in the convolutional layers of CNN?	LeanConvNets: Low-cost Yet Effective Convolutional Neural Networks  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have become indispensable for solving machine learning tasks in speech recognition, computer vision, and other areas that involve high-dimensional data. A CNN filters the input feature using a network containing spatial convolution operators with compactly supported stencils. In practice, the input data and the hidden features consist of a large number of channels, which in most CNNs are fully coupled by the convolution operators. This coupling leads to immense computational cost in the training and prediction phase. In this paper, we introduce LeanConvNets that are derived by sparsifying fully-coupled operators in existing CNNs. Our goal is to improve the efficiency of CNNs by reducing the number of weights, floating point operations and latency times, with minimal loss of accuracy. Our lean convolution operators involve tuning parameters that controls the trade-off between the network's accuracy and computational costs. These convolutions can be used in a wide range of existing networks, and we exemplify their use in residual networks (ResNets). Using a range of benchmark problems from image classification and semantic segmentation, we demonstrate that the resulting LeanConvNet's accuracy is close to state-of-the-art networks while being computationally less expensive. In our tests, the lean versions of ResNet in most cases outperform comparable reduced architectures such as MobileNets and ShuffleNets.	LeanConvNets: Low-cost Yet Effective Convolutional Neural Networks  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have become indispensable for solving machine learning tasks in speech recognition, computer vision, and other areas that involve high-dimensional data. A CNN filters the input feature using a network containing spatial convolution operators with compactly supported stencils. In practice, the input data and the hidden features consist of a large number of channels, which in most CNNs are fully coupled by the convolution operators. This coupling leads to immense computational cost in the training and prediction phase. In this paper, we introduce LeanConvNets that are derived by sparsifying fully-coupled operators in existing CNNs. Our goal is to improve the efficiency of CNNs by reducing the number of weights, floating point operations and latency times, with minimal loss of accuracy. Our lean convolution operators involve tuning parameters that controls the trade-off between the network's accuracy and computational costs. These convolutions can be used in a wide range of existing networks, and we exemplify their use in residual networks (ResNets). Using a range of benchmark problems from image classification and semantic segmentation, we demonstrate that the resulting LeanConvNet's accuracy is close to state-of-the-art networks while being computationally less expensive. In our tests, the lean versions of ResNet in most cases outperform comparable reduced architectures such as MobileNets and ShuffleNets.	388
Why do we use shared weights in the convolutional layers of CNN?	When Face Recognition Meets with Deep Learning: an Evaluation of   Convolutional Neural Networks for Face Recognition  Deep learning, in particular Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), has achieved promising results in face recognition recently. However, it remains an open question: why CNNs work well and how to design a 'good' architecture. The existing works tend to focus on reporting CNN architectures that work well for face recognition rather than investigate the reason. In this work, we conduct an extensive evaluation of CNN-based face recognition systems (CNN-FRS) on a common ground to make our work easily reproducible. Specifically, we use public database LFW (Labeled Faces in the Wild) to train CNNs, unlike most existing CNNs trained on private databases. We propose three CNN architectures which are the first reported architectures trained using LFW data. This paper quantitatively compares the architectures of CNNs and evaluate the effect of different implementation choices. We identify several useful properties of CNN-FRS. For instance, the dimensionality of the learned features can be significantly reduced without adverse effect on face recognition accuracy. In addition, traditional metric learning method exploiting CNN-learned features is evaluated. Experiments show two crucial factors to good CNN-FRS performance are the fusion of multiple CNNs and metric learning. To make our work reproducible, source code and models will be made publicly available.	When Face Recognition Meets with Deep Learning: an Evaluation of   Convolutional Neural Networks for Face Recognition  Deep learning, in particular Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), has achieved promising results in face recognition recently. However, it remains an open question: why CNNs work well and how to design a 'good' architecture. The existing works tend to focus on reporting CNN architectures that work well for face recognition rather than investigate the reason. In this work, we conduct an extensive evaluation of CNN-based face recognition systems (CNN-FRS) on a common ground to make our work easily reproducible. Specifically, we use public database LFW (Labeled Faces in the Wild) to train CNNs, unlike most existing CNNs trained on private databases. We propose three CNN architectures which are the first reported architectures trained using LFW data. This paper quantitatively compares the architectures of CNNs and evaluate the effect of different implementation choices. We identify several useful properties of CNN-FRS. For instance, the dimensionality of the learned features can be significantly reduced without adverse effect on face recognition accuracy. In addition, traditional metric learning method exploiting CNN-learned features is evaluated. Experiments show two crucial factors to good CNN-FRS performance are the fusion of multiple CNNs and metric learning. To make our work reproducible, source code and models will be made publicly available.	391
Why do we use shared weights in the convolutional layers of CNN?	CNNs are Globally Optimal Given Multi-Layer Support  Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) is the central workhorse for training modern CNNs. Although giving impressive empirical performance it can be slow to converge. In this paper we explore a novel strategy for training a CNN using an alternation strategy that offers substantial speedups during training. We make the following contributions: (i) replace the ReLU non-linearity within a CNN with positive hard-thresholding, (ii) reinterpret this non-linearity as a binary state vector making the entire CNN linear if the multi-layer support is known, and (iii) demonstrate that under certain conditions a global optima to the CNN can be found through local descent. We then employ a novel alternation strategy (between weights and support) for CNN training that leads to substantially faster convergence rates, nice theoretical properties, and achieving state of the art results across large scale datasets (e.g. ImageNet) as well as other standard benchmarks.	CNNs are Globally Optimal Given Multi-Layer Support  Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) is the central workhorse for training modern CNNs. Although giving impressive empirical performance it can be slow to converge. In this paper we explore a novel strategy for training a CNN using an alternation strategy that offers substantial speedups during training. We make the following contributions: (i) replace the ReLU non-linearity within a CNN with positive hard-thresholding, (ii) reinterpret this non-linearity as a binary state vector making the entire CNN linear if the multi-layer support is known, and (iii) demonstrate that under certain conditions a global optima to the CNN can be found through local descent. We then employ a novel alternation strategy (between weights and support) for CNN training that leads to substantially faster convergence rates, nice theoretical properties, and achieving state of the art results across large scale datasets (e.g. ImageNet) as well as other standard benchmarks.	390
Why do we use shared weights in the convolutional layers of CNN?	Technical Report of the Video Event Reconstruction and Analysis (VERA)   System -- Shooter Localization, Models, Interface, and Beyond  Every minute, hundreds of hours of video are uploaded to social media sites and the Internet from around the world. This material creates a visual record of the experiences of a significant percentage of humanity and can help illuminate how we live in the present moment. When properly analyzed, this video can also help analysts to reconstruct events of interest, including war crimes, human rights violations, and terrorist acts. Machine learning and computer vision can play a crucial role in this process. In this technical report, we describe the Video Event Reconstruction and Analysis (VERA) system. This new tool brings together a variety of capabilities we have developed over the past few years (including video synchronization and geolocation to order unstructured videos lacking metadata over time and space, and sound recognition algorithms) to enable the reconstruction and analysis of events captured on video. Among other uses, VERA enables the localization of a shooter from just a few videos that include the sound of gunshots. To demonstrate the efficacy of this suite of tools, we present the results of estimating the shooter's location of the Las Vegas Shooting in 2017 and show that VERA accurately predicts the shooter's location using only the first few gunshots. We then point out future directions that can help improve the system and further reduce unnecessary human labor in the process. All of the components of VERA run through a web interface that enables human-in-the-loop verification to ensure accurate estimations. All relevant source code, including the web interface and machine learning models, is freely available on Github. We hope that researchers and software developers will be inspired to improve and expand this system moving forward to better meet the needs of human rights and public safety.	Technical Report of the Video Event Reconstruction and Analysis (VERA)   System -- Shooter Localization, Models, Interface, and Beyond  Every minute, hundreds of hours of video are uploaded to social media sites and the Internet from around the world. This material creates a visual record of the experiences of a significant percentage of humanity and can help illuminate how we live in the present moment. When properly analyzed, this video can also help analysts to reconstruct events of interest, including war crimes, human rights violations, and terrorist acts. Machine learning and computer vision can play a crucial role in this process. In this technical report, we describe the Video Event Reconstruction and Analysis (VERA) system. This new tool brings together a variety of capabilities we have developed over the past few years (including video synchronization and geolocation to order unstructured videos lacking metadata over time and space, and sound recognition algorithms) to enable the reconstruction and analysis of events captured on video. Among other uses, VERA enables the localization of a shooter from just a few videos that include the sound of gunshots. To demonstrate the efficacy of this suite of tools, we present the results of estimating the shooter's location of the Las Vegas Shooting in 2017 and show that VERA accurately predicts the shooter's location using only the first few gunshots. We then point out future directions that can help improve the system and further reduce unnecessary human labor in the process. All of the components of VERA run through a web interface that enables human-in-the-loop verification to ensure accurate estimations. All relevant source code, including the web interface and machine learning models, is freely available on Github. We hope that researchers and software developers will be inspired to improve and expand this system moving forward to better meet the needs of human rights and public safety.	394
Why do we use shared weights in the convolutional layers of CNN?	Teaching Compositionality to CNNs  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown great success in computer vision, approaching human-level performance when trained for specific tasks via application-specific loss functions. In this paper, we propose a method for augmenting and training CNNs so that their learned features are compositional. It encourages networks to form representations that disentangle objects from their surroundings and from each other, thereby promoting better generalization. Our method is agnostic to the specific details of the underlying CNN to which it is applied and can in principle be used with any CNN. As we show in our experiments, the learned representations lead to feature activations that are more localized and improve performance over non-compositional baselines in object recognition tasks.	Teaching Compositionality to CNNs  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown great success in computer vision, approaching human-level performance when trained for specific tasks via application-specific loss functions. In this paper, we propose a method for augmenting and training CNNs so that their learned features are compositional. It encourages networks to form representations that disentangle objects from their surroundings and from each other, thereby promoting better generalization. Our method is agnostic to the specific details of the underlying CNN to which it is applied and can in principle be used with any CNN. As we show in our experiments, the learned representations lead to feature activations that are more localized and improve performance over non-compositional baselines in object recognition tasks.	389
What are the advantages of Fully Convolutional Networks over CNNs?	Convolutional Neural Networks for Page Segmentation of Historical   Document Images  This paper presents a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based page segmentation method for handwritten historical document images. We consider page segmentation as a pixel labeling problem, i.e., each pixel is classified as one of the predefined classes. Traditional methods in this area rely on carefully hand-crafted features or large amounts of prior knowledge. In contrast, we propose to learn features from raw image pixels using a CNN. While many researchers focus on developing deep CNN architectures to solve different problems, we train a simple CNN with only one convolution layer. We show that the simple architecture achieves competitive results against other deep architectures on different public datasets. Experiments also demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method compared to previous methods.	Convolutional Neural Networks for Page Segmentation of Historical   Document Images  This paper presents a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based page segmentation method for handwritten historical document images. We consider page segmentation as a pixel labeling problem, i.e., each pixel is classified as one of the predefined classes. Traditional methods in this area rely on carefully hand-crafted features or large amounts of prior knowledge. In contrast, we propose to learn features from raw image pixels using a CNN. While many researchers focus on developing deep CNN architectures to solve different problems, we train a simple CNN with only one convolution layer. We show that the simple architecture achieves competitive results against other deep architectures on different public datasets. Experiments also demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method compared to previous methods.	392
What are the advantages of Fully Convolutional Networks over CNNs?	Understanding Geometry of Encoder-Decoder CNNs  Encoder-decoder networks using convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture have been extensively used in deep learning literatures thanks to its excellent performance for various inverse problems. However, it is still difficult to obtain coherent geometric view why such an architecture gives the desired performance. Inspired by recent theoretical understanding on generalizability, expressivity and optimization landscape of neural networks, as well as the theory of convolutional framelets, here we provide a unified theoretical framework that leads to a better understanding of geometry of encoder-decoder CNNs. Our unified mathematical framework shows that encoder-decoder CNN architecture is closely related to nonlinear basis representation using combinatorial convolution frames, whose expressibility increases exponentially with the network depth. We also demonstrate the importance of skipped connection in terms of expressibility, and optimization landscape.	Understanding Geometry of Encoder-Decoder CNNs  Encoder-decoder networks using convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture have been extensively used in deep learning literatures thanks to its excellent performance for various inverse problems. However, it is still difficult to obtain coherent geometric view why such an architecture gives the desired performance. Inspired by recent theoretical understanding on generalizability, expressivity and optimization landscape of neural networks, as well as the theory of convolutional framelets, here we provide a unified theoretical framework that leads to a better understanding of geometry of encoder-decoder CNNs. Our unified mathematical framework shows that encoder-decoder CNN architecture is closely related to nonlinear basis representation using combinatorial convolution frames, whose expressibility increases exponentially with the network depth. We also demonstrate the importance of skipped connection in terms of expressibility, and optimization landscape.	406
What are the advantages of Fully Convolutional Networks over CNNs?	CNNs are Globally Optimal Given Multi-Layer Support  Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) is the central workhorse for training modern CNNs. Although giving impressive empirical performance it can be slow to converge. In this paper we explore a novel strategy for training a CNN using an alternation strategy that offers substantial speedups during training. We make the following contributions: (i) replace the ReLU non-linearity within a CNN with positive hard-thresholding, (ii) reinterpret this non-linearity as a binary state vector making the entire CNN linear if the multi-layer support is known, and (iii) demonstrate that under certain conditions a global optima to the CNN can be found through local descent. We then employ a novel alternation strategy (between weights and support) for CNN training that leads to substantially faster convergence rates, nice theoretical properties, and achieving state of the art results across large scale datasets (e.g. ImageNet) as well as other standard benchmarks.	CNNs are Globally Optimal Given Multi-Layer Support  Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) is the central workhorse for training modern CNNs. Although giving impressive empirical performance it can be slow to converge. In this paper we explore a novel strategy for training a CNN using an alternation strategy that offers substantial speedups during training. We make the following contributions: (i) replace the ReLU non-linearity within a CNN with positive hard-thresholding, (ii) reinterpret this non-linearity as a binary state vector making the entire CNN linear if the multi-layer support is known, and (iii) demonstrate that under certain conditions a global optima to the CNN can be found through local descent. We then employ a novel alternation strategy (between weights and support) for CNN training that leads to substantially faster convergence rates, nice theoretical properties, and achieving state of the art results across large scale datasets (e.g. ImageNet) as well as other standard benchmarks.	398
What are the advantages of Fully Convolutional Networks over CNNs?	Teaching Compositionality to CNNs  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown great success in computer vision, approaching human-level performance when trained for specific tasks via application-specific loss functions. In this paper, we propose a method for augmenting and training CNNs so that their learned features are compositional. It encourages networks to form representations that disentangle objects from their surroundings and from each other, thereby promoting better generalization. Our method is agnostic to the specific details of the underlying CNN to which it is applied and can in principle be used with any CNN. As we show in our experiments, the learned representations lead to feature activations that are more localized and improve performance over non-compositional baselines in object recognition tasks.	Teaching Compositionality to CNNs  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown great success in computer vision, approaching human-level performance when trained for specific tasks via application-specific loss functions. In this paper, we propose a method for augmenting and training CNNs so that their learned features are compositional. It encourages networks to form representations that disentangle objects from their surroundings and from each other, thereby promoting better generalization. Our method is agnostic to the specific details of the underlying CNN to which it is applied and can in principle be used with any CNN. As we show in our experiments, the learned representations lead to feature activations that are more localized and improve performance over non-compositional baselines in object recognition tasks.	392
What are the advantages of Fully Convolutional Networks over CNNs?	Grouped Convolutional Neural Networks for Multivariate Time Series  Analyzing multivariate time series data is important for many applications such as automated control, fault diagnosis and anomaly detection. One of the key challenges is to learn latent features automatically from dynamically changing multivariate input. In visual recognition tasks, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successful to learn generalized feature extractors with shared parameters over the spatial domain. However, when high-dimensional multivariate time series is given, designing an appropriate CNN model structure becomes challenging because the kernels may need to be extended through the full dimension of the input volume. To address this issue, we present two structure learning algorithms for deep CNN models. Our algorithms exploit the covariance structure over multiple time series to partition input volume into groups. The first algorithm learns the group CNN structures explicitly by clustering individual input sequences. The second algorithm learns the group CNN structures implicitly from the error backpropagation. In experiments with two real-world datasets, we demonstrate that our group CNNs outperform existing CNN based regression methods.	Grouped Convolutional Neural Networks for Multivariate Time Series  Analyzing multivariate time series data is important for many applications such as automated control, fault diagnosis and anomaly detection. One of the key challenges is to learn latent features automatically from dynamically changing multivariate input. In visual recognition tasks, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successful to learn generalized feature extractors with shared parameters over the spatial domain. However, when high-dimensional multivariate time series is given, designing an appropriate CNN model structure becomes challenging because the kernels may need to be extended through the full dimension of the input volume. To address this issue, we present two structure learning algorithms for deep CNN models. Our algorithms exploit the covariance structure over multiple time series to partition input volume into groups. The first algorithm learns the group CNN structures explicitly by clustering individual input sequences. The second algorithm learns the group CNN structures implicitly from the error backpropagation. In experiments with two real-world datasets, we demonstrate that our group CNNs outperform existing CNN based regression methods.	394
How is Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) different from the original Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)?	Comparison of Neural Network Architectures for Spectrum Sensing  Different neural network (NN) architectures have different advantages. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) achieved enormous success in computer vision, while recurrent neural networks (RNNs) gained popularity in speech recognition. It is not known which type of NN architecture is the best fit for classification of communication signals. In this work, we compare the behavior of fully-connected NN (FC), CNN, RNN, and bi-directional RNN (BiRNN) in a spectrum sensing task. The four NN architectures are compared on their detection performance, requirement of training data, computational complexity, and memory requirement. Given abundant training data and computational and memory resources, CNN, RNN, and BiRNN are shown to achieve similar performance. The performance of FC is worse than that of the other three types, except in the case where computational complexity is stringently limited.	Comparison of Neural Network Architectures for Spectrum Sensing  Different neural network (NN) architectures have different advantages. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) achieved enormous success in computer vision, while recurrent neural networks (RNNs) gained popularity in speech recognition. It is not known which type of NN architecture is the best fit for classification of communication signals. In this work, we compare the behavior of fully-connected NN (FC), CNN, RNN, and bi-directional RNN (BiRNN) in a spectrum sensing task. The four NN architectures are compared on their detection performance, requirement of training data, computational complexity, and memory requirement. Given abundant training data and computational and memory resources, CNN, RNN, and BiRNN are shown to achieve similar performance. The performance of FC is worse than that of the other three types, except in the case where computational complexity is stringently limited.	328
How is Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) different from the original Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)?	Unsupervised Learning of Neural Networks to Explain Neural Networks   (extended abstract)  This paper presents an unsupervised method to learn a neural network, namely an explainer, to interpret a pre-trained convolutional neural network (CNN), i.e., the explainer uses interpretable visual concepts to explain features in middle conv-layers of a CNN. Given feature maps of a conv-layer of the CNN, the explainer performs like an auto-encoder, which decomposes the feature maps into object-part features. The object-part features are learned to reconstruct CNN features without much loss of information. We can consider the disentangled representations of object parts a paraphrase of CNN features, which help people understand the knowledge encoded by the CNN. More crucially, we learn the explainer via knowledge distillation without using any annotations of object parts or textures for supervision. In experiments, our method was widely used to interpret features of different benchmark CNNs, and explainers significantly boosted the feature interpretability without hurting the discrimination power of the CNNs.	Unsupervised Learning of Neural Networks to Explain Neural Networks   (extended abstract)  This paper presents an unsupervised method to learn a neural network, namely an explainer, to interpret a pre-trained convolutional neural network (CNN), i.e., the explainer uses interpretable visual concepts to explain features in middle conv-layers of a CNN. Given feature maps of a conv-layer of the CNN, the explainer performs like an auto-encoder, which decomposes the feature maps into object-part features. The object-part features are learned to reconstruct CNN features without much loss of information. We can consider the disentangled representations of object parts a paraphrase of CNN features, which help people understand the knowledge encoded by the CNN. More crucially, we learn the explainer via knowledge distillation without using any annotations of object parts or textures for supervision. In experiments, our method was widely used to interpret features of different benchmark CNNs, and explainers significantly boosted the feature interpretability without hurting the discrimination power of the CNNs.	326
How is Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) different from the original Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)?	Convolutional Neural Networks In Convolution  Currently, increasingly deeper neural networks have been applied to improve their accuracy. In contrast, We propose a novel wider Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) architecture, motivated by the Multi-column Deep Neural Networks and the Network In Network(NIN), aiming for higher accuracy without input data transmutation. In our architecture, namely "CNN In Convolution"(CNNIC), a small CNN, instead of the original generalized liner model(GLM) based filters, is convoluted as kernel on the original image, serving as feature extracting layer of this networks. And further classifications are then carried out by a global average pooling layer and a softmax layer. Dropout and orthonormal initialization are applied to overcome training difficulties including slow convergence and over-fitting. Persuasive classification performance is demonstrated on MNIST.	Convolutional Neural Networks In Convolution  Currently, increasingly deeper neural networks have been applied to improve their accuracy. In contrast, We propose a novel wider Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) architecture, motivated by the Multi-column Deep Neural Networks and the Network In Network(NIN), aiming for higher accuracy without input data transmutation. In our architecture, namely "CNN In Convolution"(CNNIC), a small CNN, instead of the original generalized liner model(GLM) based filters, is convoluted as kernel on the original image, serving as feature extracting layer of this networks. And further classifications are then carried out by a global average pooling layer and a softmax layer. Dropout and orthonormal initialization are applied to overcome training difficulties including slow convergence and over-fitting. Persuasive classification performance is demonstrated on MNIST.	337
How is Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) different from the original Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)?	Finding the Needle in the Haystack with Convolutions: on the benefits of   architectural bias  Despite the phenomenal success of deep neural networks in a broad range of learning tasks, there is a lack of theory to understand the way they work. In particular, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are known to perform much better than Fully-Connected Networks (FCNs) on spatially structured data: the architectural structure of CNNs benefits from prior knowledge on the features of the data, for instance their translation invariance. The aim of this work is to understand this fact through the lens of dynamics in the loss landscape.   We introduce a method that maps a CNN to its equivalent FCN (denoted as eFCN). Such an embedding enables the comparison of CNN and FCN training dynamics directly in the FCN space. We use this method to test a new training protocol, which consists in training a CNN, embedding it to FCN space at a certain ``relax time'', then resuming the training in FCN space. We observe that for all relax times, the deviation from the CNN subspace is small, and the final performance reached by the eFCN is higher than that reachable by a standard FCN of same architecture. More surprisingly, for some intermediate relax times, the eFCN outperforms the CNN it stemmed, by combining the prior information of the CNN and the expressivity of the FCN in a complementary way. The practical interest of our protocol is limited by the very large size of the highly sparse eFCN. However, it offers interesting insights into the persistence of architectural bias under stochastic gradient dynamics. It shows the existence of some rare basins in the FCN loss landscape associated with very good generalization. These can only be accessed thanks to the CNN prior, which helps navigate the landscape during the early stages of optimization.	Finding the Needle in the Haystack with Convolutions: on the benefits of   architectural bias  Despite the phenomenal success of deep neural networks in a broad range of learning tasks, there is a lack of theory to understand the way they work. In particular, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are known to perform much better than Fully-Connected Networks (FCNs) on spatially structured data: the architectural structure of CNNs benefits from prior knowledge on the features of the data, for instance their translation invariance. The aim of this work is to understand this fact through the lens of dynamics in the loss landscape.   We introduce a method that maps a CNN to its equivalent FCN (denoted as eFCN). Such an embedding enables the comparison of CNN and FCN training dynamics directly in the FCN space. We use this method to test a new training protocol, which consists in training a CNN, embedding it to FCN space at a certain ``relax time'', then resuming the training in FCN space. We observe that for all relax times, the deviation from the CNN subspace is small, and the final performance reached by the eFCN is higher than that reachable by a standard FCN of same architecture. More surprisingly, for some intermediate relax times, the eFCN outperforms the CNN it stemmed, by combining the prior information of the CNN and the expressivity of the FCN in a complementary way. The practical interest of our protocol is limited by the very large size of the highly sparse eFCN. However, it offers interesting insights into the persistence of architectural bias under stochastic gradient dynamics. It shows the existence of some rare basins in the FCN loss landscape associated with very good generalization. These can only be accessed thanks to the CNN prior, which helps navigate the landscape during the early stages of optimization.	303
How is Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) different from the original Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)?	Embedding of FRPN in CNN architecture  This paper extends the fully recursive perceptron network (FRPN) model for vectorial inputs to include deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) which can accept multi-dimensional inputs. A FRPN consists of a recursive layer, which, given a fixed input, iteratively computes an equilibrium state. The unfolding realized with this kind of iterative mechanism allows to simulate a deep neural network with any number of layers. The extension of the FRPN to CNN results in an architecture, which we call convolutional-FRPN (C-FRPN), where the convolutional layers are recursive. The method is evaluated on several image classification benchmarks. It is shown that the C-FRPN consistently outperforms standard CNNs having the same number of parameters. The gap in performance is particularly large for small networks, showing that the C-FRPN is a very powerful architecture, since it allows to obtain equivalent performance with fewer parameters when compared with deep CNNs.	Embedding of FRPN in CNN architecture  This paper extends the fully recursive perceptron network (FRPN) model for vectorial inputs to include deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) which can accept multi-dimensional inputs. A FRPN consists of a recursive layer, which, given a fixed input, iteratively computes an equilibrium state. The unfolding realized with this kind of iterative mechanism allows to simulate a deep neural network with any number of layers. The extension of the FRPN to CNN results in an architecture, which we call convolutional-FRPN (C-FRPN), where the convolutional layers are recursive. The method is evaluated on several image classification benchmarks. It is shown that the C-FRPN consistently outperforms standard CNNs having the same number of parameters. The gap in performance is particularly large for small networks, showing that the C-FRPN is a very powerful architecture, since it allows to obtain equivalent performance with fewer parameters when compared with deep CNNs.	331
Artificial Intelligence: What is an intuitive explanation for recurrent neural networks?	Recurrent Connections Aid Occluded Object Recognition by Discounting   Occluders  Recurrent connections in the visual cortex are thought to aid object recognition when part of the stimulus is occluded. Here we investigate if and how recurrent connections in artificial neural networks similarly aid object recognition. We systematically test and compare architectures comprised of bottom-up (B), lateral (L) and top-down (T) connections. Performance is evaluated on a novel stereoscopic occluded object recognition dataset. The task consists of recognizing one target digit occluded by multiple occluder digits in a pseudo-3D environment. We find that recurrent models perform significantly better than their feedforward counterparts, which were matched in parametric complexity. Furthermore, we analyze how the network's representation of the stimuli evolves over time due to recurrent connections. We show that the recurrent connections tend to move the network's representation of an occluded digit towards its un-occluded version. Our results suggest that both the brain and artificial neural networks can exploit recurrent connectivity to aid occluded object recognition.	Recurrent Connections Aid Occluded Object Recognition by Discounting   Occluders  Recurrent connections in the visual cortex are thought to aid object recognition when part of the stimulus is occluded. Here we investigate if and how recurrent connections in artificial neural networks similarly aid object recognition. We systematically test and compare architectures comprised of bottom-up (B), lateral (L) and top-down (T) connections. Performance is evaluated on a novel stereoscopic occluded object recognition dataset. The task consists of recognizing one target digit occluded by multiple occluder digits in a pseudo-3D environment. We find that recurrent models perform significantly better than their feedforward counterparts, which were matched in parametric complexity. Furthermore, we analyze how the network's representation of the stimuli evolves over time due to recurrent connections. We show that the recurrent connections tend to move the network's representation of an occluded digit towards its un-occluded version. Our results suggest that both the brain and artificial neural networks can exploit recurrent connectivity to aid occluded object recognition.	333
Artificial Intelligence: What is an intuitive explanation for recurrent neural networks?	TopoAct: Visually Exploring the Shape of Activations in Deep Learning  Deep neural networks such as GoogLeNet, ResNet, and BERT have achieved impressive performance in tasks such as image and text classification. To understand how such performance is achieved, we probe a trained deep neural network by studying neuron activations, i.e., combinations of neuron firings, at various layers of the network in response to a particular input. With a large number of inputs, we aim to obtain a global view of what neurons detect by studying their activations. In particular, we develop visualizations that show the shape of the activation space, the organizational principle behind neuron activations, and the relationships of these activations within a layer. Applying tools from topological data analysis, we present TopoAct, a visual exploration system to study topological summaries of activation vectors. We present exploration scenarios using TopoAct that provide valuable insights into learned representations of neural networks. We expect TopoAct to give a topological perspective that enriches the current toolbox of neural network analysis, and to provide a basis for network architecture diagnosis and data anomaly detection.	TopoAct: Visually Exploring the Shape of Activations in Deep Learning  Deep neural networks such as GoogLeNet, ResNet, and BERT have achieved impressive performance in tasks such as image and text classification. To understand how such performance is achieved, we probe a trained deep neural network by studying neuron activations, i.e., combinations of neuron firings, at various layers of the network in response to a particular input. With a large number of inputs, we aim to obtain a global view of what neurons detect by studying their activations. In particular, we develop visualizations that show the shape of the activation space, the organizational principle behind neuron activations, and the relationships of these activations within a layer. Applying tools from topological data analysis, we present TopoAct, a visual exploration system to study topological summaries of activation vectors. We present exploration scenarios using TopoAct that provide valuable insights into learned representations of neural networks. We expect TopoAct to give a topological perspective that enriches the current toolbox of neural network analysis, and to provide a basis for network architecture diagnosis and data anomaly detection.	333
Artificial Intelligence: What is an intuitive explanation for recurrent neural networks?	Identification of Dynamic functional brain network states Through Tensor   Decomposition  With the advances in high resolution neuroimaging, there has been a growing interest in the detection of functional brain connectivity. Complex network theory has been proposed as an attractive mathematical representation of functional brain networks. However, most of the current studies of functional brain networks have focused on the computation of graph theoretic indices for static networks, i.e. long-time averages of connectivity networks. It is well-known that functional connectivity is a dynamic process and the construction and reorganization of the networks is key to understanding human cognition. Therefore, there is a growing need to track dynamic functional brain networks and identify time intervals over which the network is quasi-stationary. In this paper, we present a tensor decomposition based method to identify temporally invariant 'network states' and find a common topographic representation for each state. The proposed methods are applied to electroencephalogram (EEG) data during the study of error-related negativity (ERN).	Identification of Dynamic functional brain network states Through Tensor   Decomposition  With the advances in high resolution neuroimaging, there has been a growing interest in the detection of functional brain connectivity. Complex network theory has been proposed as an attractive mathematical representation of functional brain networks. However, most of the current studies of functional brain networks have focused on the computation of graph theoretic indices for static networks, i.e. long-time averages of connectivity networks. It is well-known that functional connectivity is a dynamic process and the construction and reorganization of the networks is key to understanding human cognition. Therefore, there is a growing need to track dynamic functional brain networks and identify time intervals over which the network is quasi-stationary. In this paper, we present a tensor decomposition based method to identify temporally invariant 'network states' and find a common topographic representation for each state. The proposed methods are applied to electroencephalogram (EEG) data during the study of error-related negativity (ERN).	324
Artificial Intelligence: What is an intuitive explanation for recurrent neural networks?	Is coding a relevant metaphor for building AI? A commentary on "Is   coding a relevant metaphor for the brain?", by Romain Brette  Brette contends that the neural coding metaphor is an invalid basis for theories of what the brain does. Here, we argue that it is an insufficient guide for building an artificial intelligence that learns to accomplish short- and long-term goals in a complex, changing environment.	Is coding a relevant metaphor for building AI? A commentary on "Is   coding a relevant metaphor for the brain?", by Romain Brette  Brette contends that the neural coding metaphor is an invalid basis for theories of what the brain does. Here, we argue that it is an insufficient guide for building an artificial intelligence that learns to accomplish short- and long-term goals in a complex, changing environment.	330
Artificial Intelligence: What is an intuitive explanation for recurrent neural networks?	Interaction Networks for Learning about Objects, Relations and Physics  Reasoning about objects, relations, and physics is central to human intelligence, and a key goal of artificial intelligence. Here we introduce the interaction network, a model which can reason about how objects in complex systems interact, supporting dynamical predictions, as well as inferences about the abstract properties of the system. Our model takes graphs as input, performs object- and relation-centric reasoning in a way that is analogous to a simulation, and is implemented using deep neural networks. We evaluate its ability to reason about several challenging physical domains: n-body problems, rigid-body collision, and non-rigid dynamics. Our results show it can be trained to accurately simulate the physical trajectories of dozens of objects over thousands of time steps, estimate abstract quantities such as energy, and generalize automatically to systems with different numbers and configurations of objects and relations. Our interaction network implementation is the first general-purpose, learnable physics engine, and a powerful general framework for reasoning about object and relations in a wide variety of complex real-world domains.	Interaction Networks for Learning about Objects, Relations and Physics  Reasoning about objects, relations, and physics is central to human intelligence, and a key goal of artificial intelligence. Here we introduce the interaction network, a model which can reason about how objects in complex systems interact, supporting dynamical predictions, as well as inferences about the abstract properties of the system. Our model takes graphs as input, performs object- and relation-centric reasoning in a way that is analogous to a simulation, and is implemented using deep neural networks. We evaluate its ability to reason about several challenging physical domains: n-body problems, rigid-body collision, and non-rigid dynamics. Our results show it can be trained to accurately simulate the physical trajectories of dozens of objects over thousands of time steps, estimate abstract quantities such as energy, and generalize automatically to systems with different numbers and configurations of objects and relations. Our interaction network implementation is the first general-purpose, learnable physics engine, and a powerful general framework for reasoning about object and relations in a wide variety of complex real-world domains.	330
How are RNNs storing memory?	Eigenvalue Normalized Recurrent Neural Networks for Short Term Memory  Several variants of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) with orthogonal or unitary recurrent matrices have recently been developed to mitigate the vanishing/exploding gradient problem and to model long-term dependencies of sequences. However, with the eigenvalues of the recurrent matrix on the unit circle, the recurrent state retains all input information which may unnecessarily consume model capacity. In this paper, we address this issue by proposing an architecture that expands upon an orthogonal/unitary RNN with a state that is generated by a recurrent matrix with eigenvalues in the unit disc. Any input to this state dissipates in time and is replaced with new inputs, simulating short-term memory. A gradient descent algorithm is derived for learning such a recurrent matrix. The resulting method, called the Eigenvalue Normalized RNN (ENRNN), is shown to be highly competitive in several experiments.	Eigenvalue Normalized Recurrent Neural Networks for Short Term Memory  Several variants of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) with orthogonal or unitary recurrent matrices have recently been developed to mitigate the vanishing/exploding gradient problem and to model long-term dependencies of sequences. However, with the eigenvalues of the recurrent matrix on the unit circle, the recurrent state retains all input information which may unnecessarily consume model capacity. In this paper, we address this issue by proposing an architecture that expands upon an orthogonal/unitary RNN with a state that is generated by a recurrent matrix with eigenvalues in the unit disc. Any input to this state dissipates in time and is replaced with new inputs, simulating short-term memory. A gradient descent algorithm is derived for learning such a recurrent matrix. The resulting method, called the Eigenvalue Normalized RNN (ENRNN), is shown to be highly competitive in several experiments.	508
How are RNNs storing memory?	A Novel Framework for Recurrent Neural Networks with Enhancing   Information Processing and Transmission between Units  This paper proposes a novel framework for recurrent neural networks (RNNs) inspired by the human memory models in the field of cognitive neuroscience to enhance information processing and transmission between adjacent RNNs' units. The proposed framework for RNNs consists of three stages that is working memory, forget, and long-term store. The first stage includes taking input data into sensory memory and transferring it to working memory for preliminary treatment. And the second stage mainly focuses on proactively forgetting the secondary information rather than the primary in the working memory. And finally, we get the long-term store normally using some kind of RNN's unit. Our framework, which is generalized and simple, is evaluated on 6 datasets which fall into 3 different tasks, corresponding to text classification, image classification and language modelling. Experiments reveal that our framework can obviously improve the performance of traditional recurrent neural networks. And exploratory task shows the ability of our framework of correctly forgetting the secondary information.	A Novel Framework for Recurrent Neural Networks with Enhancing   Information Processing and Transmission between Units  This paper proposes a novel framework for recurrent neural networks (RNNs) inspired by the human memory models in the field of cognitive neuroscience to enhance information processing and transmission between adjacent RNNs' units. The proposed framework for RNNs consists of three stages that is working memory, forget, and long-term store. The first stage includes taking input data into sensory memory and transferring it to working memory for preliminary treatment. And the second stage mainly focuses on proactively forgetting the secondary information rather than the primary in the working memory. And finally, we get the long-term store normally using some kind of RNN's unit. Our framework, which is generalized and simple, is evaluated on 6 datasets which fall into 3 different tasks, corresponding to text classification, image classification and language modelling. Experiments reveal that our framework can obviously improve the performance of traditional recurrent neural networks. And exploratory task shows the ability of our framework of correctly forgetting the secondary information.	497
How are RNNs storing memory?	Assessing the Memory Ability of Recurrent Neural Networks  It is known that Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) can remember, in their hidden layers, part of the semantic information expressed by a sequence (e.g., a sentence) that is being processed. Different types of recurrent units have been designed to enable RNNs to remember information over longer time spans. However, the memory abilities of different recurrent units are still theoretically and empirically unclear, thus limiting the development of more effective and explainable RNNs. To tackle the problem, in this paper, we identify and analyze the internal and external factors that affect the memory ability of RNNs, and propose a Semantic Euclidean Space to represent the semantics expressed by a sequence. Based on the Semantic Euclidean Space, a series of evaluation indicators are defined to measure the memory abilities of different recurrent units and analyze their limitations. These evaluation indicators also provide a useful guidance to select suitable sequence lengths for different RNNs during training.	Assessing the Memory Ability of Recurrent Neural Networks  It is known that Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) can remember, in their hidden layers, part of the semantic information expressed by a sequence (e.g., a sentence) that is being processed. Different types of recurrent units have been designed to enable RNNs to remember information over longer time spans. However, the memory abilities of different recurrent units are still theoretically and empirically unclear, thus limiting the development of more effective and explainable RNNs. To tackle the problem, in this paper, we identify and analyze the internal and external factors that affect the memory ability of RNNs, and propose a Semantic Euclidean Space to represent the semantics expressed by a sequence. Based on the Semantic Euclidean Space, a series of evaluation indicators are defined to measure the memory abilities of different recurrent units and analyze their limitations. These evaluation indicators also provide a useful guidance to select suitable sequence lengths for different RNNs during training.	450
How are RNNs storing memory?	A Gentle Tutorial of Recurrent Neural Network with Error Backpropagation  We describe recurrent neural networks (RNNs), which have attracted great attention on sequential tasks, such as handwriting recognition, speech recognition and image to text. However, compared to general feedforward neural networks, RNNs have feedback loops, which makes it a little hard to understand the backpropagation step. Thus, we focus on basics, especially the error backpropagation to compute gradients with respect to model parameters. Further, we go into detail on how error backpropagation algorithm is applied on long short-term memory (LSTM) by unfolding the memory unit.	A Gentle Tutorial of Recurrent Neural Network with Error Backpropagation  We describe recurrent neural networks (RNNs), which have attracted great attention on sequential tasks, such as handwriting recognition, speech recognition and image to text. However, compared to general feedforward neural networks, RNNs have feedback loops, which makes it a little hard to understand the backpropagation step. Thus, we focus on basics, especially the error backpropagation to compute gradients with respect to model parameters. Further, we go into detail on how error backpropagation algorithm is applied on long short-term memory (LSTM) by unfolding the memory unit.	502
How are RNNs storing memory?	Fast Weight Long Short-Term Memory  Associative memory using fast weights is a short-term memory mechanism that substantially improves the memory capacity and time scale of recurrent neural networks (RNNs). As recent studies introduced fast weights only to regular RNNs, it is unknown whether fast weight memory is beneficial to gated RNNs. In this work, we report a significant synergy between long short-term memory (LSTM) networks and fast weight associative memories. We show that this combination, in learning associative retrieval tasks, results in much faster training and lower test error, a performance boost most prominent at high memory task difficulties.	Fast Weight Long Short-Term Memory  Associative memory using fast weights is a short-term memory mechanism that substantially improves the memory capacity and time scale of recurrent neural networks (RNNs). As recent studies introduced fast weights only to regular RNNs, it is unknown whether fast weight memory is beneficial to gated RNNs. In this work, we report a significant synergy between long short-term memory (LSTM) networks and fast weight associative memories. We show that this combination, in learning associative retrieval tasks, results in much faster training and lower test error, a performance boost most prominent at high memory task difficulties.	501
What are encoder-decoder models in recurrent neural networks?	Learning Generic Sentence Representations Using Convolutional Neural   Networks  We propose a new encoder-decoder approach to learn distributed sentence representations that are applicable to multiple purposes. The model is learned by using a convolutional neural network as an encoder to map an input sentence into a continuous vector, and using a long short-term memory recurrent neural network as a decoder. Several tasks are considered, including sentence reconstruction and future sentence prediction. Further, a hierarchical encoder-decoder model is proposed to encode a sentence to predict multiple future sentences. By training our models on a large collection of novels, we obtain a highly generic convolutional sentence encoder that performs well in practice. Experimental results on several benchmark datasets, and across a broad range of applications, demonstrate the superiority of the proposed model over competing methods.	Learning Generic Sentence Representations Using Convolutional Neural   Networks  We propose a new encoder-decoder approach to learn distributed sentence representations that are applicable to multiple purposes. The model is learned by using a convolutional neural network as an encoder to map an input sentence into a continuous vector, and using a long short-term memory recurrent neural network as a decoder. Several tasks are considered, including sentence reconstruction and future sentence prediction. Further, a hierarchical encoder-decoder model is proposed to encode a sentence to predict multiple future sentences. By training our models on a large collection of novels, we obtain a highly generic convolutional sentence encoder that performs well in practice. Experimental results on several benchmark datasets, and across a broad range of applications, demonstrate the superiority of the proposed model over competing methods.	344
What are encoder-decoder models in recurrent neural networks?	Attention with Intention for a Neural Network Conversation Model  In a conversation or a dialogue process, attention and intention play intrinsic roles. This paper proposes a neural network based approach that models the attention and intention processes. It essentially consists of three recurrent networks. The encoder network is a word-level model representing source side sentences. The intention network is a recurrent network that models the dynamics of the intention process. The decoder network is a recurrent network produces responses to the input from the source side. It is a language model that is dependent on the intention and has an attention mechanism to attend to particular source side words, when predicting a symbol in the response. The model is trained end-to-end without labeling data. Experiments show that this model generates natural responses to user inputs.	Attention with Intention for a Neural Network Conversation Model  In a conversation or a dialogue process, attention and intention play intrinsic roles. This paper proposes a neural network based approach that models the attention and intention processes. It essentially consists of three recurrent networks. The encoder network is a word-level model representing source side sentences. The intention network is a recurrent network that models the dynamics of the intention process. The decoder network is a recurrent network produces responses to the input from the source side. It is a language model that is dependent on the intention and has an attention mechanism to attend to particular source side words, when predicting a symbol in the response. The model is trained end-to-end without labeling data. Experiments show that this model generates natural responses to user inputs.	337
What are encoder-decoder models in recurrent neural networks?	A new model of artificial neuron: cyberneuron and its use  This article describes a new type of artificial neuron, called the authors "cyberneuron". Unlike classical models of artificial neurons, this type of neuron used table substitution instead of the operation of multiplication of input values for the weights. This allowed to significantly increase the information capacity of a single neuron, but also greatly simplify the process of learning. Considered an example of the use of "cyberneuron" with the task of detecting computer viruses.	A new model of artificial neuron: cyberneuron and its use  This article describes a new type of artificial neuron, called the authors "cyberneuron". Unlike classical models of artificial neurons, this type of neuron used table substitution instead of the operation of multiplication of input values for the weights. This allowed to significantly increase the information capacity of a single neuron, but also greatly simplify the process of learning. Considered an example of the use of "cyberneuron" with the task of detecting computer viruses.	354
What are encoder-decoder models in recurrent neural networks?	Comparison of RNN Encoder-Decoder Models for Anomaly Detection  In this paper, we compare different types of Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) Encoder-Decoders in anomaly detection viewpoint. We focused on finding the model that can learn the same data more effectively. We compared multiple models under the same conditions, such as the number of parameters, optimizer, and learning rate. However, the difference is whether to predict the future sequence or restore the current sequence. We constructed the dataset with simple vectors and used them for the experiment. Finally, we experimentally confirmed that the model performs better when the model restores the current sequence, rather than predict the future sequence.	Comparison of RNN Encoder-Decoder Models for Anomaly Detection  In this paper, we compare different types of Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) Encoder-Decoders in anomaly detection viewpoint. We focused on finding the model that can learn the same data more effectively. We compared multiple models under the same conditions, such as the number of parameters, optimizer, and learning rate. However, the difference is whether to predict the future sequence or restore the current sequence. We constructed the dataset with simple vectors and used them for the experiment. Finally, we experimentally confirmed that the model performs better when the model restores the current sequence, rather than predict the future sequence.	323
What are encoder-decoder models in recurrent neural networks?	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time. In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency. Our proposed models are referred to as the Runge-Kutta Convolutional Neural Networks (RKCNNs). The RKCNNs are evaluated on multiple benchmark datasets. The experimental results show that RKCNNs are vastly superior to other dynamical system network models: they achieve higher accuracy with much fewer resources. They also expand the family of network models based on numerical methods for dynamical systems.	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time. In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency. Our proposed models are referred to as the Runge-Kutta Convolutional Neural Networks (RKCNNs). The RKCNNs are evaluated on multiple benchmark datasets. The experimental results show that RKCNNs are vastly superior to other dynamical system network models: they achieve higher accuracy with much fewer resources. They also expand the family of network models based on numerical methods for dynamical systems.	336
Why do Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) combine the input and hidden state together and not seperately?	R3Net: Random Weights, Rectifier Linear Units and Robustness for   Artificial Neural Network  We consider a neural network architecture with randomized features, a sign-splitter, followed by rectified linear units (ReLU). We prove that our architecture exhibits robustness to the input perturbation: the output feature of the neural network exhibits a Lipschitz continuity in terms of the input perturbation. We further show that the network output exhibits a discrimination ability that inputs that are not arbitrarily close generate output vectors which maintain distance between each other obeying a certain lower bound. This ensures that two different inputs remain discriminable while contracting the distance in the output feature space.	R3Net: Random Weights, Rectifier Linear Units and Robustness for   Artificial Neural Network  We consider a neural network architecture with randomized features, a sign-splitter, followed by rectified linear units (ReLU). We prove that our architecture exhibits robustness to the input perturbation: the output feature of the neural network exhibits a Lipschitz continuity in terms of the input perturbation. We further show that the network output exhibits a discrimination ability that inputs that are not arbitrarily close generate output vectors which maintain distance between each other obeying a certain lower bound. This ensures that two different inputs remain discriminable while contracting the distance in the output feature space.	300
Why do Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) combine the input and hidden state together and not seperately?	Internal representation dynamics and geometry in recurrent neural   networks  The efficiency of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) in dealing with sequential data has long been established. However, unlike deep, and convolution networks where we can attribute the recognition of a certain feature to every layer, it is unclear what "sub-task" a single recurrent step or layer accomplishes. Our work seeks to shed light onto how a vanilla RNN implements a simple classification task by analysing the dynamics of the network and the geometric properties of its hidden states. We find that early internal representations are evocative of the real labels of the data but this information is not directly accessible to the output layer. Furthermore the network's dynamics and the sequence length are both critical to correct classifications even when there is no additional task relevant information provided.	Internal representation dynamics and geometry in recurrent neural   networks  The efficiency of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) in dealing with sequential data has long been established. However, unlike deep, and convolution networks where we can attribute the recognition of a certain feature to every layer, it is unclear what "sub-task" a single recurrent step or layer accomplishes. Our work seeks to shed light onto how a vanilla RNN implements a simple classification task by analysing the dynamics of the network and the geometric properties of its hidden states. We find that early internal representations are evocative of the real labels of the data but this information is not directly accessible to the output layer. Furthermore the network's dynamics and the sequence length are both critical to correct classifications even when there is no additional task relevant information provided.	309
Why do Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) combine the input and hidden state together and not seperately?	Representing Formal Languages: A Comparison Between Finite Automata and   Recurrent Neural Networks  We investigate the internal representations that a recurrent neural network (RNN) uses while learning to recognize a regular formal language. Specifically, we train a RNN on positive and negative examples from a regular language, and ask if there is a simple decoding function that maps states of this RNN to states of the minimal deterministic finite automaton (MDFA) for the language. Our experiments show that such a decoding function indeed exists, and that it maps states of the RNN not to MDFA states, but to states of an {\em abstraction} obtained by clustering small sets of MDFA states into "superstates". A qualitative analysis reveals that the abstraction often has a simple interpretation. Overall, the results suggest a strong structural relationship between internal representations used by RNNs and finite automata, and explain the well-known ability of RNNs to recognize formal grammatical structure.	Representing Formal Languages: A Comparison Between Finite Automata and   Recurrent Neural Networks  We investigate the internal representations that a recurrent neural network (RNN) uses while learning to recognize a regular formal language. Specifically, we train a RNN on positive and negative examples from a regular language, and ask if there is a simple decoding function that maps states of this RNN to states of the minimal deterministic finite automaton (MDFA) for the language. Our experiments show that such a decoding function indeed exists, and that it maps states of the RNN not to MDFA states, but to states of an {\em abstraction} obtained by clustering small sets of MDFA states into "superstates". A qualitative analysis reveals that the abstraction often has a simple interpretation. Overall, the results suggest a strong structural relationship between internal representations used by RNNs and finite automata, and explain the well-known ability of RNNs to recognize formal grammatical structure.	320
Why do Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) combine the input and hidden state together and not seperately?	Truth or Backpropaganda? An Empirical Investigation of Deep Learning   Theory  We empirically evaluate common assumptions about neural networks that are widely held by practitioners and theorists alike. In this work, we: (1) prove the widespread existence of suboptimal local minima in the loss landscape of neural networks, and we use our theory to find examples; (2) show that small-norm parameters are not optimal for generalization; (3) demonstrate that ResNets do not conform to wide-network theories, such as the neural tangent kernel, and that the interaction between skip connections and batch normalization plays a role; (4) find that rank does not correlate with generalization or robustness in a practical setting.	Truth or Backpropaganda? An Empirical Investigation of Deep Learning   Theory  We empirically evaluate common assumptions about neural networks that are widely held by practitioners and theorists alike. In this work, we: (1) prove the widespread existence of suboptimal local minima in the loss landscape of neural networks, and we use our theory to find examples; (2) show that small-norm parameters are not optimal for generalization; (3) demonstrate that ResNets do not conform to wide-network theories, such as the neural tangent kernel, and that the interaction between skip connections and batch normalization plays a role; (4) find that rank does not correlate with generalization or robustness in a practical setting.	322
Why do Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) combine the input and hidden state together and not seperately?	Layerwise Relevance Visualization in Convolutional Text Graph   Classifiers  Representations in the hidden layers of Deep Neural Networks (DNN) are often hard to interpret since it is difficult to project them into an interpretable domain. Graph Convolutional Networks (GCN) allow this projection, but existing explainability methods do not exploit this fact, i.e. do not focus their explanations on intermediate states. In this work, we present a novel method that traces and visualizes features that contribute to a classification decision in the visible and hidden layers of a GCN. Our method exposes hidden cross-layer dynamics in the input graph structure. We experimentally demonstrate that it yields meaningful layerwise explanations for a GCN sentence classifier.	Layerwise Relevance Visualization in Convolutional Text Graph   Classifiers  Representations in the hidden layers of Deep Neural Networks (DNN) are often hard to interpret since it is difficult to project them into an interpretable domain. Graph Convolutional Networks (GCN) allow this projection, but existing explainability methods do not exploit this fact, i.e. do not focus their explanations on intermediate states. In this work, we present a novel method that traces and visualizes features that contribute to a classification decision in the visible and hidden layers of a GCN. Our method exposes hidden cross-layer dynamics in the input graph structure. We experimentally demonstrate that it yields meaningful layerwise explanations for a GCN sentence classifier.	306
What is an intuitive explanation of LSTMs and GRUs?	On geodesic triangles with right angles in a dually flat space  The dualistic structure of statistical manifolds in information geometry yields eight types of geodesic triangles passing through three given points, the triangle vertices. The interior angles of geodesic triangles can sum up to $\pi$ like in Euclidean/Mahalanobis flat geometry, or exhibit otherwise angle excesses or angle defects. In this paper, we initiate the study of geodesic triangles in dually flat spaces, termed Bregman manifolds, where a generalized Pythagorean theorem holds. We consider non-self dual Bregman manifolds since Mahalanobis self-dual manifolds amount to Euclidean geometry. First, we show how to construct geodesic triangles with either one, two, or three interior right angles, whenever it is possible. Second, we report a construction of triples of points for which the dual Pythagorean theorems hold simultaneously at a point, yielding two dual pairs of dual-type geodesics with right angles at that point.	On geodesic triangles with right angles in a dually flat space  The dualistic structure of statistical manifolds in information geometry yields eight types of geodesic triangles passing through three given points, the triangle vertices. The interior angles of geodesic triangles can sum up to $\pi$ like in Euclidean/Mahalanobis flat geometry, or exhibit otherwise angle excesses or angle defects. In this paper, we initiate the study of geodesic triangles in dually flat spaces, termed Bregman manifolds, where a generalized Pythagorean theorem holds. We consider non-self dual Bregman manifolds since Mahalanobis self-dual manifolds amount to Euclidean geometry. First, we show how to construct geodesic triangles with either one, two, or three interior right angles, whenever it is possible. Second, we report a construction of triples of points for which the dual Pythagorean theorems hold simultaneously at a point, yielding two dual pairs of dual-type geodesics with right angles at that point.	393
What is an intuitive explanation of LSTMs and GRUs?	Asymptotic Analysis of Sampling Estimators for Randomized Numerical   Linear Algebra Algorithms  The statistical analysis of Randomized Numerical Linear Algebra (RandNLA) algorithms within the past few years has mostly focused on their performance as point estimators. However, this is insufficient for conducting statistical inference, e.g., constructing confidence intervals and hypothesis testing, since the distribution of the estimator is lacking. In this article, we develop an asymptotic analysis to derive the distribution of RandNLA sampling estimators for the least-squares problem. In particular, we derive the asymptotic distribution of a general sampling estimator with arbitrary sampling probabilities. The analysis is conducted in two complementary settings, i.e., when the objective of interest is to approximate the full sample estimator or is to infer the underlying ground truth model parameters. For each setting, we show that the sampling estimator is asymptotically normally distributed under mild regularity conditions. Moreover, the sampling estimator is asymptotically unbiased in both settings. Based on our asymptotic analysis, we use two criteria, the Asymptotic Mean Squared Error (AMSE) and the Expected Asymptotic Mean Squared Error (EAMSE), to identify optimal sampling probabilities. Several of these optimal sampling probability distributions are new to the literature, e.g., the root leverage sampling estimator and the predictor length sampling estimator. Our theoretical results clarify the role of leverage in the sampling process, and our empirical results demonstrate improvements over existing methods.	Asymptotic Analysis of Sampling Estimators for Randomized Numerical   Linear Algebra Algorithms  The statistical analysis of Randomized Numerical Linear Algebra (RandNLA) algorithms within the past few years has mostly focused on their performance as point estimators. However, this is insufficient for conducting statistical inference, e.g., constructing confidence intervals and hypothesis testing, since the distribution of the estimator is lacking. In this article, we develop an asymptotic analysis to derive the distribution of RandNLA sampling estimators for the least-squares problem. In particular, we derive the asymptotic distribution of a general sampling estimator with arbitrary sampling probabilities. The analysis is conducted in two complementary settings, i.e., when the objective of interest is to approximate the full sample estimator or is to infer the underlying ground truth model parameters. For each setting, we show that the sampling estimator is asymptotically normally distributed under mild regularity conditions. Moreover, the sampling estimator is asymptotically unbiased in both settings. Based on our asymptotic analysis, we use two criteria, the Asymptotic Mean Squared Error (AMSE) and the Expected Asymptotic Mean Squared Error (EAMSE), to identify optimal sampling probabilities. Several of these optimal sampling probability distributions are new to the literature, e.g., the root leverage sampling estimator and the predictor length sampling estimator. Our theoretical results clarify the role of leverage in the sampling process, and our empirical results demonstrate improvements over existing methods.	394
What is an intuitive explanation of LSTMs and GRUs?	Synthesis of Shared Control Protocols with Provable Safety and   Performance Guarantees  We formalize synthesis of shared control protocols with correctness guarantees for temporal logic specifications. More specifically, we introduce a modeling formalism in which both a human and an autonomy protocol can issue commands to a robot towards performing a certain task. These commands are blended into a joint input to the robot. The autonomy protocol is synthesized using an abstraction of possible human commands accounting for randomness in decisions caused by factors such as fatigue or incomprehensibility of the problem at hand. The synthesis is designed to ensure that the resulting robot behavior satisfies given safety and performance specifications, e.g., in temporal logic. Our solution is based on nonlinear programming and we address the inherent scalability issue by presenting alternative methods. We assess the feasibility and the scalability of the approach by an experimental evaluation.	Synthesis of Shared Control Protocols with Provable Safety and   Performance Guarantees  We formalize synthesis of shared control protocols with correctness guarantees for temporal logic specifications. More specifically, we introduce a modeling formalism in which both a human and an autonomy protocol can issue commands to a robot towards performing a certain task. These commands are blended into a joint input to the robot. The autonomy protocol is synthesized using an abstraction of possible human commands accounting for randomness in decisions caused by factors such as fatigue or incomprehensibility of the problem at hand. The synthesis is designed to ensure that the resulting robot behavior satisfies given safety and performance specifications, e.g., in temporal logic. Our solution is based on nonlinear programming and we address the inherent scalability issue by presenting alternative methods. We assess the feasibility and the scalability of the approach by an experimental evaluation.	385
What is an intuitive explanation of LSTMs and GRUs?	Exact inference in structured prediction  Structured prediction can be thought of as a simultaneous prediction of multiple labels. This is often done by maximizing a score function on the space of labels, which decomposes as a sum of pairwise and unary potentials. The above is naturally modeled with a graph, where edges and vertices are related to pairwise and unary potentials, respectively. We consider the generative process proposed by Globerson et al. and apply it to general connected graphs. We analyze the structural conditions of the graph that allow for the exact recovery of the labels. Our results show that exact recovery is possible and achievable in polynomial time for a large class of graphs. In particular, we show that graphs that are bad expanders can be exactly recovered by adding small edge perturbations coming from the Erd\H{o}s-R\'enyi model. Finally, as a byproduct of our analysis, we provide an extension of Cheeger's inequality.	Exact inference in structured prediction  Structured prediction can be thought of as a simultaneous prediction of multiple labels. This is often done by maximizing a score function on the space of labels, which decomposes as a sum of pairwise and unary potentials. The above is naturally modeled with a graph, where edges and vertices are related to pairwise and unary potentials, respectively. We consider the generative process proposed by Globerson et al. and apply it to general connected graphs. We analyze the structural conditions of the graph that allow for the exact recovery of the labels. Our results show that exact recovery is possible and achievable in polynomial time for a large class of graphs. In particular, we show that graphs that are bad expanders can be exactly recovered by adding small edge perturbations coming from the Erd\H{o}s-R\'enyi model. Finally, as a byproduct of our analysis, we provide an extension of Cheeger's inequality.	407
What is an intuitive explanation of LSTMs and GRUs?	Information-Theoretic Considerations in Batch Reinforcement Learning  Value-function approximation methods that operate in batch mode have foundational importance to reinforcement learning (RL). Finite sample guarantees for these methods often crucially rely on two types of assumptions: (1) mild distribution shift, and (2) representation conditions that are stronger than realizability. However, the necessity ("why do we need them?") and the naturalness ("when do they hold?") of such assumptions have largely eluded the literature. In this paper, we revisit these assumptions and provide theoretical results towards answering the above questions, and make steps towards a deeper understanding of value-function approximation.	Information-Theoretic Considerations in Batch Reinforcement Learning  Value-function approximation methods that operate in batch mode have foundational importance to reinforcement learning (RL). Finite sample guarantees for these methods often crucially rely on two types of assumptions: (1) mild distribution shift, and (2) representation conditions that are stronger than realizability. However, the necessity ("why do we need them?") and the naturalness ("when do they hold?") of such assumptions have largely eluded the literature. In this paper, we revisit these assumptions and provide theoretical results towards answering the above questions, and make steps towards a deeper understanding of value-function approximation.	408
Are GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) a special case of LSTM?	Estimating or Propagating Gradients Through Stochastic Neurons for   Conditional Computation  Stochastic neurons and hard non-linearities can be useful for a number of reasons in deep learning models, but in many cases they pose a challenging problem: how to estimate the gradient of a loss function with respect to the input of such stochastic or non-smooth neurons? I.e., can we "back-propagate" through these stochastic neurons? We examine this question, existing approaches, and compare four families of solutions, applicable in different settings. One of them is the minimum variance unbiased gradient estimator for stochatic binary neurons (a special case of the REINFORCE algorithm). A second approach, introduced here, decomposes the operation of a binary stochastic neuron into a stochastic binary part and a smooth differentiable part, which approximates the expected effect of the pure stochatic binary neuron to first order. A third approach involves the injection of additive or multiplicative noise in a computational graph that is otherwise differentiable. A fourth approach heuristically copies the gradient with respect to the stochastic output directly as an estimator of the gradient with respect to the sigmoid argument (we call this the straight-through estimator). To explore a context where these estimators are useful, we consider a small-scale version of {\em conditional computation}, where sparse stochastic units form a distributed representation of gaters that can turn off in combinatorially many ways large chunks of the computation performed in the rest of the neural network. In this case, it is important that the gating units produce an actual 0 most of the time. The resulting sparsity can be potentially be exploited to greatly reduce the computational cost of large deep networks for which conditional computation would be useful.	Estimating or Propagating Gradients Through Stochastic Neurons for   Conditional Computation  Stochastic neurons and hard non-linearities can be useful for a number of reasons in deep learning models, but in many cases they pose a challenging problem: how to estimate the gradient of a loss function with respect to the input of such stochastic or non-smooth neurons? I.e., can we "back-propagate" through these stochastic neurons? We examine this question, existing approaches, and compare four families of solutions, applicable in different settings. One of them is the minimum variance unbiased gradient estimator for stochatic binary neurons (a special case of the REINFORCE algorithm). A second approach, introduced here, decomposes the operation of a binary stochastic neuron into a stochastic binary part and a smooth differentiable part, which approximates the expected effect of the pure stochatic binary neuron to first order. A third approach involves the injection of additive or multiplicative noise in a computational graph that is otherwise differentiable. A fourth approach heuristically copies the gradient with respect to the stochastic output directly as an estimator of the gradient with respect to the sigmoid argument (we call this the straight-through estimator). To explore a context where these estimators are useful, we consider a small-scale version of {\em conditional computation}, where sparse stochastic units form a distributed representation of gaters that can turn off in combinatorially many ways large chunks of the computation performed in the rest of the neural network. In this case, it is important that the gating units produce an actual 0 most of the time. The resulting sparsity can be potentially be exploited to greatly reduce the computational cost of large deep networks for which conditional computation would be useful.	361
Are GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) a special case of LSTM?	Sparse Stochastic Bandits  In the classical multi-armed bandit problem, d arms are available to the decision maker who pulls them sequentially in order to maximize his cumulative reward. Guarantees can be obtained on a relative quantity called regret, which scales linearly with d (or with sqrt(d) in the minimax sense). We here consider the sparse case of this classical problem in the sense that only a small number of arms, namely s < d, have a positive expected reward. We are able to leverage this additional assumption to provide an algorithm whose regret scales with s instead of d. Moreover, we prove that this algorithm is optimal by providing a matching lower bound - at least for a wide and pertinent range of parameters that we determine - and by evaluating its performance on simulated data.	Sparse Stochastic Bandits  In the classical multi-armed bandit problem, d arms are available to the decision maker who pulls them sequentially in order to maximize his cumulative reward. Guarantees can be obtained on a relative quantity called regret, which scales linearly with d (or with sqrt(d) in the minimax sense). We here consider the sparse case of this classical problem in the sense that only a small number of arms, namely s < d, have a positive expected reward. We are able to leverage this additional assumption to provide an algorithm whose regret scales with s instead of d. Moreover, we prove that this algorithm is optimal by providing a matching lower bound - at least for a wide and pertinent range of parameters that we determine - and by evaluating its performance on simulated data.	344
Are GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) a special case of LSTM?	Empirical Evaluation of Gated Recurrent Neural Networks on Sequence   Modeling  In this paper we compare different types of recurrent units in recurrent neural networks (RNNs). Especially, we focus on more sophisticated units that implement a gating mechanism, such as a long short-term memory (LSTM) unit and a recently proposed gated recurrent unit (GRU). We evaluate these recurrent units on the tasks of polyphonic music modeling and speech signal modeling. Our experiments revealed that these advanced recurrent units are indeed better than more traditional recurrent units such as tanh units. Also, we found GRU to be comparable to LSTM.	Empirical Evaluation of Gated Recurrent Neural Networks on Sequence   Modeling  In this paper we compare different types of recurrent units in recurrent neural networks (RNNs). Especially, we focus on more sophisticated units that implement a gating mechanism, such as a long short-term memory (LSTM) unit and a recently proposed gated recurrent unit (GRU). We evaluate these recurrent units on the tasks of polyphonic music modeling and speech signal modeling. Our experiments revealed that these advanced recurrent units are indeed better than more traditional recurrent units such as tanh units. Also, we found GRU to be comparable to LSTM.	336
Are GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) a special case of LSTM?	Faster Training of Very Deep Networks Via p-Norm Gates  A major contributing factor to the recent advances in deep neural networks is structural units that let sensory information and gradients to propagate easily. Gating is one such structure that acts as a flow control. Gates are employed in many recent state-of-the-art recurrent models such as LSTM and GRU, and feedforward models such as Residual Nets and Highway Networks. This enables learning in very deep networks with hundred layers and helps achieve record-breaking results in vision (e.g., ImageNet with Residual Nets) and NLP (e.g., machine translation with GRU). However, there is limited work in analysing the role of gating in the learning process. In this paper, we propose a flexible $p$-norm gating scheme, which allows user-controllable flow and as a consequence, improve the learning speed. This scheme subsumes other existing gating schemes, including those in GRU, Highway Networks and Residual Nets as special cases. Experiments on large sequence and vector datasets demonstrate that the proposed gating scheme helps improve the learning speed significantly without extra overhead.	Faster Training of Very Deep Networks Via p-Norm Gates  A major contributing factor to the recent advances in deep neural networks is structural units that let sensory information and gradients to propagate easily. Gating is one such structure that acts as a flow control. Gates are employed in many recent state-of-the-art recurrent models such as LSTM and GRU, and feedforward models such as Residual Nets and Highway Networks. This enables learning in very deep networks with hundred layers and helps achieve record-breaking results in vision (e.g., ImageNet with Residual Nets) and NLP (e.g., machine translation with GRU). However, there is limited work in analysing the role of gating in the learning process. In this paper, we propose a flexible $p$-norm gating scheme, which allows user-controllable flow and as a consequence, improve the learning speed. This scheme subsumes other existing gating schemes, including those in GRU, Highway Networks and Residual Nets as special cases. Experiments on large sequence and vector datasets demonstrate that the proposed gating scheme helps improve the learning speed significantly without extra overhead.	357
Are GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) a special case of LSTM?	Stochastic Deconvolutional Neural Network Ensemble Training on   Generative Pseudo-Adversarial Networks  The training of Generative Adversarial Networks is a difficult task mainly due to the nature of the networks. One such issue is when the generator and discriminator start oscillating, rather than converging to a fixed point. Another case can be when one agent becomes more adept than the other which results in the decrease of the other agent's ability to learn, reducing the learning capacity of the system as a whole. Additionally, there exists the problem of Mode Collapse which involves the generators output collapsing to a single sample or a small set of similar samples. To train GANs a careful selection of the architecture that is used along with a variety of other methods to improve training. Even when applying these methods there is low stability of training in relation to the parameters that are chosen. Stochastic ensembling is suggested as a method for improving the stability while training GANs.	Stochastic Deconvolutional Neural Network Ensemble Training on   Generative Pseudo-Adversarial Networks  The training of Generative Adversarial Networks is a difficult task mainly due to the nature of the networks. One such issue is when the generator and discriminator start oscillating, rather than converging to a fixed point. Another case can be when one agent becomes more adept than the other which results in the decrease of the other agent's ability to learn, reducing the learning capacity of the system as a whole. Additionally, there exists the problem of Mode Collapse which involves the generators output collapsing to a single sample or a small set of similar samples. To train GANs a careful selection of the architecture that is used along with a variety of other methods to improve training. Even when applying these methods there is low stability of training in relation to the parameters that are chosen. Stochastic ensembling is suggested as a method for improving the stability while training GANs.	372
How many time-steps can LSTM RNNs remember inputs for?	Persistence pays off: Paying Attention to What the LSTM Gating Mechanism   Persists  Language Models (LMs) are important components in several Natural Language Processing systems. Recurrent Neural Network LMs composed of LSTM units, especially those augmented with an external memory, have achieved state-of-the-art results. However, these models still struggle to process long sequences which are more likely to contain long-distance dependencies because of information fading and a bias towards more recent information. In this paper we demonstrate an effective mechanism for retrieving information in a memory augmented LSTM LM based on attending to information in memory in proportion to the number of timesteps the LSTM gating mechanism persisted the information.	Persistence pays off: Paying Attention to What the LSTM Gating Mechanism   Persists  Language Models (LMs) are important components in several Natural Language Processing systems. Recurrent Neural Network LMs composed of LSTM units, especially those augmented with an external memory, have achieved state-of-the-art results. However, these models still struggle to process long sequences which are more likely to contain long-distance dependencies because of information fading and a bias towards more recent information. In this paper we demonstrate an effective mechanism for retrieving information in a memory augmented LSTM LM based on attending to information in memory in proportion to the number of timesteps the LSTM gating mechanism persisted the information.	411
How many time-steps can LSTM RNNs remember inputs for?	Assessing the Memory Ability of Recurrent Neural Networks  It is known that Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) can remember, in their hidden layers, part of the semantic information expressed by a sequence (e.g., a sentence) that is being processed. Different types of recurrent units have been designed to enable RNNs to remember information over longer time spans. However, the memory abilities of different recurrent units are still theoretically and empirically unclear, thus limiting the development of more effective and explainable RNNs. To tackle the problem, in this paper, we identify and analyze the internal and external factors that affect the memory ability of RNNs, and propose a Semantic Euclidean Space to represent the semantics expressed by a sequence. Based on the Semantic Euclidean Space, a series of evaluation indicators are defined to measure the memory abilities of different recurrent units and analyze their limitations. These evaluation indicators also provide a useful guidance to select suitable sequence lengths for different RNNs during training.	Assessing the Memory Ability of Recurrent Neural Networks  It is known that Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) can remember, in their hidden layers, part of the semantic information expressed by a sequence (e.g., a sentence) that is being processed. Different types of recurrent units have been designed to enable RNNs to remember information over longer time spans. However, the memory abilities of different recurrent units are still theoretically and empirically unclear, thus limiting the development of more effective and explainable RNNs. To tackle the problem, in this paper, we identify and analyze the internal and external factors that affect the memory ability of RNNs, and propose a Semantic Euclidean Space to represent the semantics expressed by a sequence. Based on the Semantic Euclidean Space, a series of evaluation indicators are defined to measure the memory abilities of different recurrent units and analyze their limitations. These evaluation indicators also provide a useful guidance to select suitable sequence lengths for different RNNs during training.	417
How many time-steps can LSTM RNNs remember inputs for?	A Gentle Tutorial of Recurrent Neural Network with Error Backpropagation  We describe recurrent neural networks (RNNs), which have attracted great attention on sequential tasks, such as handwriting recognition, speech recognition and image to text. However, compared to general feedforward neural networks, RNNs have feedback loops, which makes it a little hard to understand the backpropagation step. Thus, we focus on basics, especially the error backpropagation to compute gradients with respect to model parameters. Further, we go into detail on how error backpropagation algorithm is applied on long short-term memory (LSTM) by unfolding the memory unit.	A Gentle Tutorial of Recurrent Neural Network with Error Backpropagation  We describe recurrent neural networks (RNNs), which have attracted great attention on sequential tasks, such as handwriting recognition, speech recognition and image to text. However, compared to general feedforward neural networks, RNNs have feedback loops, which makes it a little hard to understand the backpropagation step. Thus, we focus on basics, especially the error backpropagation to compute gradients with respect to model parameters. Further, we go into detail on how error backpropagation algorithm is applied on long short-term memory (LSTM) by unfolding the memory unit.	397
How many time-steps can LSTM RNNs remember inputs for?	Fast Weight Long Short-Term Memory  Associative memory using fast weights is a short-term memory mechanism that substantially improves the memory capacity and time scale of recurrent neural networks (RNNs). As recent studies introduced fast weights only to regular RNNs, it is unknown whether fast weight memory is beneficial to gated RNNs. In this work, we report a significant synergy between long short-term memory (LSTM) networks and fast weight associative memories. We show that this combination, in learning associative retrieval tasks, results in much faster training and lower test error, a performance boost most prominent at high memory task difficulties.	Fast Weight Long Short-Term Memory  Associative memory using fast weights is a short-term memory mechanism that substantially improves the memory capacity and time scale of recurrent neural networks (RNNs). As recent studies introduced fast weights only to regular RNNs, it is unknown whether fast weight memory is beneficial to gated RNNs. In this work, we report a significant synergy between long short-term memory (LSTM) networks and fast weight associative memories. We show that this combination, in learning associative retrieval tasks, results in much faster training and lower test error, a performance boost most prominent at high memory task difficulties.	420
How many time-steps can LSTM RNNs remember inputs for?	Reservoir Computing on the Hypersphere  Reservoir Computing (RC) refers to a Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) framework, frequently used for sequence learning and time series prediction. The RC system consists of a random fixed-weight RNN (the input-hidden reservoir layer) and a classifier (the hidden-output readout layer). Here we focus on the sequence learning problem, and we explore a different approach to RC. More specifically, we remove the non-linear neural activation function, and we consider an orthogonal reservoir acting on normalized states on the unit hypersphere. Surprisingly, our numerical results show that the system's memory capacity exceeds the dimensionality of the reservoir, which is the upper bound for the typical RC approach based on Echo State Networks (ESNs). We also show how the proposed system can be applied to symmetric cryptography problems, and we include a numerical implementation.	Reservoir Computing on the Hypersphere  Reservoir Computing (RC) refers to a Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) framework, frequently used for sequence learning and time series prediction. The RC system consists of a random fixed-weight RNN (the input-hidden reservoir layer) and a classifier (the hidden-output readout layer). Here we focus on the sequence learning problem, and we explore a different approach to RC. More specifically, we remove the non-linear neural activation function, and we consider an orthogonal reservoir acting on normalized states on the unit hypersphere. Surprisingly, our numerical results show that the system's memory capacity exceeds the dimensionality of the reservoir, which is the upper bound for the typical RC approach based on Echo State Networks (ESNs). We also show how the proposed system can be applied to symmetric cryptography problems, and we include a numerical implementation.	421
How does attention model work using LSTM?	Parallel Restarted SGD with Faster Convergence and Less Communication:   Demystifying Why Model Averaging Works for Deep Learning  In distributed training of deep neural networks, parallel mini-batch SGD is widely used to speed up the training process by using multiple workers. It uses multiple workers to sample local stochastic gradient in parallel, aggregates all gradients in a single server to obtain the average, and update each worker's local model using a SGD update with the averaged gradient. Ideally, parallel mini-batch SGD can achieve a linear speed-up of the training time (with respect to the number of workers) compared with SGD over a single worker. However, such linear scalability in practice is significantly limited by the growing demand for gradient communication as more workers are involved. Model averaging, which periodically averages individual models trained over parallel workers, is another common practice used for distributed training of deep neural networks since (Zinkevich et al. 2010) (McDonald, Hall, and Mann 2010). Compared with parallel mini-batch SGD, the communication overhead of model averaging is significantly reduced. Impressively, tremendous experimental works have verified that model averaging can still achieve a good speed-up of the training time as long as the averaging interval is carefully controlled. However, it remains a mystery in theory why such a simple heuristic works so well. This paper provides a thorough and rigorous theoretical study on why model averaging can work as well as parallel mini-batch SGD with significantly less communication overhead.	Parallel Restarted SGD with Faster Convergence and Less Communication:   Demystifying Why Model Averaging Works for Deep Learning  In distributed training of deep neural networks, parallel mini-batch SGD is widely used to speed up the training process by using multiple workers. It uses multiple workers to sample local stochastic gradient in parallel, aggregates all gradients in a single server to obtain the average, and update each worker's local model using a SGD update with the averaged gradient. Ideally, parallel mini-batch SGD can achieve a linear speed-up of the training time (with respect to the number of workers) compared with SGD over a single worker. However, such linear scalability in practice is significantly limited by the growing demand for gradient communication as more workers are involved. Model averaging, which periodically averages individual models trained over parallel workers, is another common practice used for distributed training of deep neural networks since (Zinkevich et al. 2010) (McDonald, Hall, and Mann 2010). Compared with parallel mini-batch SGD, the communication overhead of model averaging is significantly reduced. Impressively, tremendous experimental works have verified that model averaging can still achieve a good speed-up of the training time as long as the averaging interval is carefully controlled. However, it remains a mystery in theory why such a simple heuristic works so well. This paper provides a thorough and rigorous theoretical study on why model averaging can work as well as parallel mini-batch SGD with significantly less communication overhead.	379
How does attention model work using LSTM?	Action Model Acquisition using LSTM  In the field of Automated Planning and Scheduling (APS), intelligent agents by virtue require an action model (blueprints of actions whose interleaved executions effectuates transitions of the system state) in order to plan and solve real world problems. It is, however, becoming increasingly cumbersome to codify this model, and is more efficient to learn it from observed plan execution sequences (training data). While the underlying objective is to subsequently plan from this learnt model, most approaches fall short as anything less than a flawless reconstruction of the underlying model renders it unusable in certain domains. This work presents a novel approach using long short-term memory (LSTM) techniques for the acquisition of the underlying action model. We use the sequence labelling capabilities of LSTMs to isolate from an exhaustive model set a model identical to the one responsible for producing the training data. This isolation capability renders our approach as an effective one.	Action Model Acquisition using LSTM  In the field of Automated Planning and Scheduling (APS), intelligent agents by virtue require an action model (blueprints of actions whose interleaved executions effectuates transitions of the system state) in order to plan and solve real world problems. It is, however, becoming increasingly cumbersome to codify this model, and is more efficient to learn it from observed plan execution sequences (training data). While the underlying objective is to subsequently plan from this learnt model, most approaches fall short as anything less than a flawless reconstruction of the underlying model renders it unusable in certain domains. This work presents a novel approach using long short-term memory (LSTM) techniques for the acquisition of the underlying action model. We use the sequence labelling capabilities of LSTMs to isolate from an exhaustive model set a model identical to the one responsible for producing the training data. This isolation capability renders our approach as an effective one.	363
How does attention model work using LSTM?	Testing Visual Attention in Dynamic Environments  We investigate attention as the active pursuit of useful information. This contrasts with attention as a mechanism for the attenuation of irrelevant information. We also consider the role of short-term memory, whose use is critical to any model incapable of simultaneously perceiving all information on which its output depends. We present several simple synthetic tasks, which become considerably more interesting when we impose strong constraints on how a model can interact with its input, and on how long it can take to produce its output. We develop a model with a different structure from those seen in previous work, and we train it using stochastic variational inference with a learned proposal distribution.	Testing Visual Attention in Dynamic Environments  We investigate attention as the active pursuit of useful information. This contrasts with attention as a mechanism for the attenuation of irrelevant information. We also consider the role of short-term memory, whose use is critical to any model incapable of simultaneously perceiving all information on which its output depends. We present several simple synthetic tasks, which become considerably more interesting when we impose strong constraints on how a model can interact with its input, and on how long it can take to produce its output. We develop a model with a different structure from those seen in previous work, and we train it using stochastic variational inference with a learned proposal distribution.	372
How does attention model work using LSTM?	A Supervised Neural Autoregressive Topic Model for Simultaneous Image   Classification and Annotation  Topic modeling based on latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) has been a framework of choice to perform scene recognition and annotation. Recently, a new type of topic model called the Document Neural Autoregressive Distribution Estimator (DocNADE) was proposed and demonstrated state-of-the-art performance for document modeling. In this work, we show how to successfully apply and extend this model to the context of visual scene modeling. Specifically, we propose SupDocNADE, a supervised extension of DocNADE, that increases the discriminative power of the hidden topic features by incorporating label information into the training objective of the model. We also describe how to leverage information about the spatial position of the visual words and how to embed additional image annotations, so as to simultaneously perform image classification and annotation. We test our model on the Scene15, LabelMe and UIUC-Sports datasets and show that it compares favorably to other topic models such as the supervised variant of LDA.	A Supervised Neural Autoregressive Topic Model for Simultaneous Image   Classification and Annotation  Topic modeling based on latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) has been a framework of choice to perform scene recognition and annotation. Recently, a new type of topic model called the Document Neural Autoregressive Distribution Estimator (DocNADE) was proposed and demonstrated state-of-the-art performance for document modeling. In this work, we show how to successfully apply and extend this model to the context of visual scene modeling. Specifically, we propose SupDocNADE, a supervised extension of DocNADE, that increases the discriminative power of the hidden topic features by incorporating label information into the training objective of the model. We also describe how to leverage information about the spatial position of the visual words and how to embed additional image annotations, so as to simultaneously perform image classification and annotation. We test our model on the Scene15, LabelMe and UIUC-Sports datasets and show that it compares favorably to other topic models such as the supervised variant of LDA.	381
How does attention model work using LSTM?	Uplift Modeling for Multiple Treatments with Cost Optimization  Uplift modeling is an emerging machine learning approach for estimating the treatment effect at an individual or subgroup level. It can be used for optimizing the performance of interventions such as marketing campaigns and product designs. Uplift modeling can be used to estimate which users are likely to benefit from a treatment and then prioritize delivering or promoting the preferred experience to those users. An important but so far neglected use case for uplift modeling is an experiment with multiple treatment groups that have different costs, such as for example when different communication channels and promotion types are tested simultaneously. In this paper, we extend standard uplift models to support multiple treatment groups with different costs. We evaluate the performance of the proposed models using both synthetic and real data. We also describe a production implementation of the approach.	Uplift Modeling for Multiple Treatments with Cost Optimization  Uplift modeling is an emerging machine learning approach for estimating the treatment effect at an individual or subgroup level. It can be used for optimizing the performance of interventions such as marketing campaigns and product designs. Uplift modeling can be used to estimate which users are likely to benefit from a treatment and then prioritize delivering or promoting the preferred experience to those users. An important but so far neglected use case for uplift modeling is an experiment with multiple treatment groups that have different costs, such as for example when different communication channels and promotion types are tested simultaneously. In this paper, we extend standard uplift models to support multiple treatment groups with different costs. We evaluate the performance of the proposed models using both synthetic and real data. We also describe a production implementation of the approach.	356
How do RNNs differ from Markov Chains?	Path-Normalized Optimization of Recurrent Neural Networks with ReLU   Activations  We investigate the parameter-space geometry of recurrent neural networks (RNNs), and develop an adaptation of path-SGD optimization method, attuned to this geometry, that can learn plain RNNs with ReLU activations. On several datasets that require capturing long-term dependency structure, we show that path-SGD can significantly improve trainability of ReLU RNNs compared to RNNs trained with SGD, even with various recently suggested initialization schemes.	Path-Normalized Optimization of Recurrent Neural Networks with ReLU   Activations  We investigate the parameter-space geometry of recurrent neural networks (RNNs), and develop an adaptation of path-SGD optimization method, attuned to this geometry, that can learn plain RNNs with ReLU activations. On several datasets that require capturing long-term dependency structure, we show that path-SGD can significantly improve trainability of ReLU RNNs compared to RNNs trained with SGD, even with various recently suggested initialization schemes.	516
How do RNNs differ from Markov Chains?	Generalization without systematicity: On the compositional skills of   sequence-to-sequence recurrent networks  Humans can understand and produce new utterances effortlessly, thanks to their compositional skills. Once a person learns the meaning of a new verb "dax," he or she can immediately understand the meaning of "dax twice" or "sing and dax." In this paper, we introduce the SCAN domain, consisting of a set of simple compositional navigation commands paired with the corresponding action sequences. We then test the zero-shot generalization capabilities of a variety of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) trained on SCAN with sequence-to-sequence methods. We find that RNNs can make successful zero-shot generalizations when the differences between training and test commands are small, so that they can apply "mix-and-match" strategies to solve the task. However, when generalization requires systematic compositional skills (as in the "dax" example above), RNNs fail spectacularly. We conclude with a proof-of-concept experiment in neural machine translation, suggesting that lack of systematicity might be partially responsible for neural networks' notorious training data thirst.	Generalization without systematicity: On the compositional skills of   sequence-to-sequence recurrent networks  Humans can understand and produce new utterances effortlessly, thanks to their compositional skills. Once a person learns the meaning of a new verb "dax," he or she can immediately understand the meaning of "dax twice" or "sing and dax." In this paper, we introduce the SCAN domain, consisting of a set of simple compositional navigation commands paired with the corresponding action sequences. We then test the zero-shot generalization capabilities of a variety of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) trained on SCAN with sequence-to-sequence methods. We find that RNNs can make successful zero-shot generalizations when the differences between training and test commands are small, so that they can apply "mix-and-match" strategies to solve the task. However, when generalization requires systematic compositional skills (as in the "dax" example above), RNNs fail spectacularly. We conclude with a proof-of-concept experiment in neural machine translation, suggesting that lack of systematicity might be partially responsible for neural networks' notorious training data thirst.	517
How do RNNs differ from Markov Chains?	Gradual Learning of Recurrent Neural Networks  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) achieve state-of-the-art results in many sequence-to-sequence modeling tasks. However, RNNs are difficult to train and tend to suffer from overfitting. Motivated by the Data Processing Inequality (DPI), we formulate the multi-layered network as a Markov chain, introducing a training method that comprises training the network gradually and using layer-wise gradient clipping. We found that applying our methods, combined with previously introduced regularization and optimization methods, resulted in improvements in state-of-the-art architectures operating in language modeling tasks.	Gradual Learning of Recurrent Neural Networks  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) achieve state-of-the-art results in many sequence-to-sequence modeling tasks. However, RNNs are difficult to train and tend to suffer from overfitting. Motivated by the Data Processing Inequality (DPI), we formulate the multi-layered network as a Markov chain, introducing a training method that comprises training the network gradually and using layer-wise gradient clipping. We found that applying our methods, combined with previously introduced regularization and optimization methods, resulted in improvements in state-of-the-art architectures operating in language modeling tasks.	497
How do RNNs differ from Markov Chains?	A Gentle Tutorial of Recurrent Neural Network with Error Backpropagation  We describe recurrent neural networks (RNNs), which have attracted great attention on sequential tasks, such as handwriting recognition, speech recognition and image to text. However, compared to general feedforward neural networks, RNNs have feedback loops, which makes it a little hard to understand the backpropagation step. Thus, we focus on basics, especially the error backpropagation to compute gradients with respect to model parameters. Further, we go into detail on how error backpropagation algorithm is applied on long short-term memory (LSTM) by unfolding the memory unit.	A Gentle Tutorial of Recurrent Neural Network with Error Backpropagation  We describe recurrent neural networks (RNNs), which have attracted great attention on sequential tasks, such as handwriting recognition, speech recognition and image to text. However, compared to general feedforward neural networks, RNNs have feedback loops, which makes it a little hard to understand the backpropagation step. Thus, we focus on basics, especially the error backpropagation to compute gradients with respect to model parameters. Further, we go into detail on how error backpropagation algorithm is applied on long short-term memory (LSTM) by unfolding the memory unit.	514
How do RNNs differ from Markov Chains?	Markov Property in Generative Classifiers  We show that, for generative classifiers, conditional independence corresponds to linear constraints for the induced discrimination functions. Discrimination functions of undirected Markov network classifiers can thus be characterized by sets of linear constraints. These constraints are represented by a second order finite difference operator over functions of categorical variables. As an application we study the expressive power of generative classifiers under the undirected Markov property and we present a general method to combine discriminative and generative classifiers.	Markov Property in Generative Classifiers  We show that, for generative classifiers, conditional independence corresponds to linear constraints for the induced discrimination functions. Discrimination functions of undirected Markov network classifiers can thus be characterized by sets of linear constraints. These constraints are represented by a second order finite difference operator over functions of categorical variables. As an application we study the expressive power of generative classifiers under the undirected Markov property and we present a general method to combine discriminative and generative classifiers.	483
For modelling sequences, what are the pros and cons of using Gated Recurrent Units in place of LSTMs?	A Review of Stochastic Block Models and Extensions for Graph Clustering  There have been rapid developments in model-based clustering of graphs, also known as block modelling, over the last ten years or so. We review different approaches and extensions proposed for different aspects in this area, such as the type of the graph, the clustering approach, the inference approach, and whether the number of groups is selected or estimated. We also review models that combine block modelling with topic modelling and/or longitudinal modelling, regarding how these models deal with multiple types of data. How different approaches cope with various issues will be summarised and compared, to facilitate the demand of practitioners for a concise overview of the current status of these areas of literature.	A Review of Stochastic Block Models and Extensions for Graph Clustering  There have been rapid developments in model-based clustering of graphs, also known as block modelling, over the last ten years or so. We review different approaches and extensions proposed for different aspects in this area, such as the type of the graph, the clustering approach, the inference approach, and whether the number of groups is selected or estimated. We also review models that combine block modelling with topic modelling and/or longitudinal modelling, regarding how these models deal with multiple types of data. How different approaches cope with various issues will be summarised and compared, to facilitate the demand of practitioners for a concise overview of the current status of these areas of literature.	250
For modelling sequences, what are the pros and cons of using Gated Recurrent Units in place of LSTMs?	On a Topic Model for Sentences  Probabilistic topic models are generative models that describe the content of documents by discovering the latent topics underlying them. However, the structure of the textual input, and for instance the grouping of words in coherent text spans such as sentences, contains much information which is generally lost with these models. In this paper, we propose sentenceLDA, an extension of LDA whose goal is to overcome this limitation by incorporating the structure of the text in the generative and inference processes. We illustrate the advantages of sentenceLDA by comparing it with LDA using both intrinsic (perplexity) and extrinsic (text classification) evaluation tasks on different text collections.	On a Topic Model for Sentences  Probabilistic topic models are generative models that describe the content of documents by discovering the latent topics underlying them. However, the structure of the textual input, and for instance the grouping of words in coherent text spans such as sentences, contains much information which is generally lost with these models. In this paper, we propose sentenceLDA, an extension of LDA whose goal is to overcome this limitation by incorporating the structure of the text in the generative and inference processes. We illustrate the advantages of sentenceLDA by comparing it with LDA using both intrinsic (perplexity) and extrinsic (text classification) evaluation tasks on different text collections.	270
For modelling sequences, what are the pros and cons of using Gated Recurrent Units in place of LSTMs?	Normalizing Flows: An Introduction and Review of Current Methods  Normalizing Flows are generative models which produce tractable distributions where both sampling and density evaluation can be efficient and exact. The goal of this survey article is to give a coherent and comprehensive review of the literature around the construction and use of Normalizing Flows for distribution learning. We aim to provide context and explanation of the models, review current state-of-the-art literature, and identify open questions and promising future directions.	Normalizing Flows: An Introduction and Review of Current Methods  Normalizing Flows are generative models which produce tractable distributions where both sampling and density evaluation can be efficient and exact. The goal of this survey article is to give a coherent and comprehensive review of the literature around the construction and use of Normalizing Flows for distribution learning. We aim to provide context and explanation of the models, review current state-of-the-art literature, and identify open questions and promising future directions.	256
For modelling sequences, what are the pros and cons of using Gated Recurrent Units in place of LSTMs?	Confidence-constrained joint sparsity recovery under the Poisson noise   model  Our work is focused on the joint sparsity recovery problem where the common sparsity pattern is corrupted by Poisson noise. We formulate the confidence-constrained optimization problem in both least squares (LS) and maximum likelihood (ML) frameworks and study the conditions for perfect reconstruction of the original row sparsity and row sparsity pattern. However, the confidence-constrained optimization problem is non-convex. Using convex relaxation, an alternative convex reformulation of the problem is proposed. We evaluate the performance of the proposed approach using simulation results on synthetic data and show the effectiveness of proposed row sparsity and row sparsity pattern recovery framework.	Confidence-constrained joint sparsity recovery under the Poisson noise   model  Our work is focused on the joint sparsity recovery problem where the common sparsity pattern is corrupted by Poisson noise. We formulate the confidence-constrained optimization problem in both least squares (LS) and maximum likelihood (ML) frameworks and study the conditions for perfect reconstruction of the original row sparsity and row sparsity pattern. However, the confidence-constrained optimization problem is non-convex. Using convex relaxation, an alternative convex reformulation of the problem is proposed. We evaluate the performance of the proposed approach using simulation results on synthetic data and show the effectiveness of proposed row sparsity and row sparsity pattern recovery framework.	267
For modelling sequences, what are the pros and cons of using Gated Recurrent Units in place of LSTMs?	Model Selection Techniques -- An Overview  In the era of big data, analysts usually explore various statistical models or machine learning methods for observed data in order to facilitate scientific discoveries or gain predictive power. Whatever data and fitting procedures are employed, a crucial step is to select the most appropriate model or method from a set of candidates. Model selection is a key ingredient in data analysis for reliable and reproducible statistical inference or prediction, and thus central to scientific studies in fields such as ecology, economics, engineering, finance, political science, biology, and epidemiology. There has been a long history of model selection techniques that arise from researches in statistics, information theory, and signal processing. A considerable number of methods have been proposed, following different philosophies and exhibiting varying performances. The purpose of this article is to bring a comprehensive overview of them, in terms of their motivation, large sample performance, and applicability. We provide integrated and practically relevant discussions on theoretical properties of state-of- the-art model selection approaches. We also share our thoughts on some controversial views on the practice of model selection.	Model Selection Techniques -- An Overview  In the era of big data, analysts usually explore various statistical models or machine learning methods for observed data in order to facilitate scientific discoveries or gain predictive power. Whatever data and fitting procedures are employed, a crucial step is to select the most appropriate model or method from a set of candidates. Model selection is a key ingredient in data analysis for reliable and reproducible statistical inference or prediction, and thus central to scientific studies in fields such as ecology, economics, engineering, finance, political science, biology, and epidemiology. There has been a long history of model selection techniques that arise from researches in statistics, information theory, and signal processing. A considerable number of methods have been proposed, following different philosophies and exhibiting varying performances. The purpose of this article is to bring a comprehensive overview of them, in terms of their motivation, large sample performance, and applicability. We provide integrated and practically relevant discussions on theoretical properties of state-of- the-art model selection approaches. We also share our thoughts on some controversial views on the practice of model selection.	270
What is exactly the attention mechanism introduced to RNN (recurrent neural network)? It would be nice if you could make it easy to understand!	Survey on the attention based RNN model and its applications in computer   vision  The recurrent neural networks (RNN) can be used to solve the sequence to sequence problem, where both the input and the output have sequential structures. Usually there are some implicit relations between the structures. However, it is hard for the common RNN model to fully explore the relations between the sequences. In this survey, we introduce some attention based RNN models which can focus on different parts of the input for each output item, in order to explore and take advantage of the implicit relations between the input and the output items. The different attention mechanisms are described in detail. We then introduce some applications in computer vision which apply the attention based RNN models. The superiority of the attention based RNN model is shown by the experimental results. At last some future research directions are given.	Survey on the attention based RNN model and its applications in computer   vision  The recurrent neural networks (RNN) can be used to solve the sequence to sequence problem, where both the input and the output have sequential structures. Usually there are some implicit relations between the structures. However, it is hard for the common RNN model to fully explore the relations between the sequences. In this survey, we introduce some attention based RNN models which can focus on different parts of the input for each output item, in order to explore and take advantage of the implicit relations between the input and the output items. The different attention mechanisms are described in detail. We then introduce some applications in computer vision which apply the attention based RNN models. The superiority of the attention based RNN model is shown by the experimental results. At last some future research directions are given.	286
What is exactly the attention mechanism introduced to RNN (recurrent neural network)? It would be nice if you could make it easy to understand!	Independently Recurrent Neural Network (IndRNN): Building A Longer and   Deeper RNN  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have been widely used for processing sequential data. However, RNNs are commonly difficult to train due to the well-known gradient vanishing and exploding problems and hard to learn long-term patterns. Long short-term memory (LSTM) and gated recurrent unit (GRU) were developed to address these problems, but the use of hyperbolic tangent and the sigmoid action functions results in gradient decay over layers. Consequently, construction of an efficiently trainable deep network is challenging. In addition, all the neurons in an RNN layer are entangled together and their behaviour is hard to interpret. To address these problems, a new type of RNN, referred to as independently recurrent neural network (IndRNN), is proposed in this paper, where neurons in the same layer are independent of each other and they are connected across layers. We have shown that an IndRNN can be easily regulated to prevent the gradient exploding and vanishing problems while allowing the network to learn long-term dependencies. Moreover, an IndRNN can work with non-saturated activation functions such as relu (rectified linear unit) and be still trained robustly. Multiple IndRNNs can be stacked to construct a network that is deeper than the existing RNNs. Experimental results have shown that the proposed IndRNN is able to process very long sequences (over 5000 time steps), can be used to construct very deep networks (21 layers used in the experiment) and still be trained robustly. Better performances have been achieved on various tasks by using IndRNNs compared with the traditional RNN and LSTM. The code is available at https://github.com/Sunnydreamrain/IndRNN_Theano_Lasagne.	Independently Recurrent Neural Network (IndRNN): Building A Longer and   Deeper RNN  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have been widely used for processing sequential data. However, RNNs are commonly difficult to train due to the well-known gradient vanishing and exploding problems and hard to learn long-term patterns. Long short-term memory (LSTM) and gated recurrent unit (GRU) were developed to address these problems, but the use of hyperbolic tangent and the sigmoid action functions results in gradient decay over layers. Consequently, construction of an efficiently trainable deep network is challenging. In addition, all the neurons in an RNN layer are entangled together and their behaviour is hard to interpret. To address these problems, a new type of RNN, referred to as independently recurrent neural network (IndRNN), is proposed in this paper, where neurons in the same layer are independent of each other and they are connected across layers. We have shown that an IndRNN can be easily regulated to prevent the gradient exploding and vanishing problems while allowing the network to learn long-term dependencies. Moreover, an IndRNN can work with non-saturated activation functions such as relu (rectified linear unit) and be still trained robustly. Multiple IndRNNs can be stacked to construct a network that is deeper than the existing RNNs. Experimental results have shown that the proposed IndRNN is able to process very long sequences (over 5000 time steps), can be used to construct very deep networks (21 layers used in the experiment) and still be trained robustly. Better performances have been achieved on various tasks by using IndRNNs compared with the traditional RNN and LSTM. The code is available at https://github.com/Sunnydreamrain/IndRNN_Theano_Lasagne.	293
What is exactly the attention mechanism introduced to RNN (recurrent neural network)? It would be nice if you could make it easy to understand!	Recurrent Neural Network Training with Dark Knowledge Transfer  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs), particularly long short-term memory (LSTM), have gained much attention in automatic speech recognition (ASR). Although some successful stories have been reported, training RNNs remains highly challenging, especially with limited training data. Recent research found that a well-trained model can be used as a teacher to train other child models, by using the predictions generated by the teacher model as supervision. This knowledge transfer learning has been employed to train simple neural nets with a complex one, so that the final performance can reach a level that is infeasible to obtain by regular training. In this paper, we employ the knowledge transfer learning approach to train RNNs (precisely LSTM) using a deep neural network (DNN) model as the teacher. This is different from most of the existing research on knowledge transfer learning, since the teacher (DNN) is assumed to be weaker than the child (RNN); however, our experiments on an ASR task showed that it works fairly well: without applying any tricks on the learning scheme, this approach can train RNNs successfully even with limited training data.	Recurrent Neural Network Training with Dark Knowledge Transfer  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs), particularly long short-term memory (LSTM), have gained much attention in automatic speech recognition (ASR). Although some successful stories have been reported, training RNNs remains highly challenging, especially with limited training data. Recent research found that a well-trained model can be used as a teacher to train other child models, by using the predictions generated by the teacher model as supervision. This knowledge transfer learning has been employed to train simple neural nets with a complex one, so that the final performance can reach a level that is infeasible to obtain by regular training. In this paper, we employ the knowledge transfer learning approach to train RNNs (precisely LSTM) using a deep neural network (DNN) model as the teacher. This is different from most of the existing research on knowledge transfer learning, since the teacher (DNN) is assumed to be weaker than the child (RNN); however, our experiments on an ASR task showed that it works fairly well: without applying any tricks on the learning scheme, this approach can train RNNs successfully even with limited training data.	292
What is exactly the attention mechanism introduced to RNN (recurrent neural network)? It would be nice if you could make it easy to understand!	Emergence of Network Motifs in Deep Neural Networks  Network science can offer fundamental insights into the structural and functional properties of complex systems. For example, it is widely known that neuronal circuits tend to organize into basic functional topological modules, called "network motifs". In this article we show that network science tools can be successfully applied also to the study of artificial neural networks operating according to self-organizing (learning) principles. In particular, we study the emergence of network motifs in multi-layer perceptrons, whose initial connectivity is defined as a stack of fully-connected, bipartite graphs. Our simulations show that the final network topology is primarily shaped by learning dynamics, but can be strongly biased by choosing appropriate weight initialization schemes. Overall, our results suggest that non-trivial initialization strategies can make learning more effective by promoting the development of useful network motifs, which are often surprisingly consistent with those observed in general transduction networks.	Emergence of Network Motifs in Deep Neural Networks  Network science can offer fundamental insights into the structural and functional properties of complex systems. For example, it is widely known that neuronal circuits tend to organize into basic functional topological modules, called "network motifs". In this article we show that network science tools can be successfully applied also to the study of artificial neural networks operating according to self-organizing (learning) principles. In particular, we study the emergence of network motifs in multi-layer perceptrons, whose initial connectivity is defined as a stack of fully-connected, bipartite graphs. Our simulations show that the final network topology is primarily shaped by learning dynamics, but can be strongly biased by choosing appropriate weight initialization schemes. Overall, our results suggest that non-trivial initialization strategies can make learning more effective by promoting the development of useful network motifs, which are often surprisingly consistent with those observed in general transduction networks.	292
What is exactly the attention mechanism introduced to RNN (recurrent neural network)? It would be nice if you could make it easy to understand!	Input-Output Equivalence of Unitary and Contractive RNNs  Unitary recurrent neural networks (URNNs) have been proposed as a method to overcome the vanishing and exploding gradient problem in modeling data with long-term dependencies. A basic question is how restrictive is the unitary constraint on the possible input-output mappings of such a network? This work shows that for any contractive RNN with ReLU activations, there is a URNN with at most twice the number of hidden states and the identical input-output mapping. Hence, with ReLU activations, URNNs are as expressive as general RNNs. In contrast, for certain smooth activations, it is shown that the input-output mapping of an RNN cannot be matched with a URNN, even with an arbitrary number of states. The theoretical results are supported by experiments on modeling of slowly-varying dynamical systems.	Input-Output Equivalence of Unitary and Contractive RNNs  Unitary recurrent neural networks (URNNs) have been proposed as a method to overcome the vanishing and exploding gradient problem in modeling data with long-term dependencies. A basic question is how restrictive is the unitary constraint on the possible input-output mappings of such a network? This work shows that for any contractive RNN with ReLU activations, there is a URNN with at most twice the number of hidden states and the identical input-output mapping. Hence, with ReLU activations, URNNs are as expressive as general RNNs. In contrast, for certain smooth activations, it is shown that the input-output mapping of an RNN cannot be matched with a URNN, even with an arbitrary number of states. The theoretical results are supported by experiments on modeling of slowly-varying dynamical systems.	287
Is there any intuitive or simple explanation for how attention works in the deep learning model of an LSTM, GRU, or neural network?	Neural network models and deep learning - a primer for biologists  Originally inspired by neurobiology, deep neural network models have become a powerful tool of machine learning and artificial intelligence, where they are used to approximate functions and dynamics by learning from examples. Here we give a brief introduction to neural network models and deep learning for biologists. We introduce feedforward and recurrent networks and explain the expressive power of this modeling framework and the backpropagation algorithm for setting the parameters. Finally, we consider how deep neural networks might help us understand the brain's computations.	Neural network models and deep learning - a primer for biologists  Originally inspired by neurobiology, deep neural network models have become a powerful tool of machine learning and artificial intelligence, where they are used to approximate functions and dynamics by learning from examples. Here we give a brief introduction to neural network models and deep learning for biologists. We introduce feedforward and recurrent networks and explain the expressive power of this modeling framework and the backpropagation algorithm for setting the parameters. Finally, we consider how deep neural networks might help us understand the brain's computations.	247
Is there any intuitive or simple explanation for how attention works in the deep learning model of an LSTM, GRU, or neural network?	A Probabilistic Theory of Deep Learning  A grand challenge in machine learning is the development of computational algorithms that match or outperform humans in perceptual inference tasks that are complicated by nuisance variation. For instance, visual object recognition involves the unknown object position, orientation, and scale in object recognition while speech recognition involves the unknown voice pronunciation, pitch, and speed. Recently, a new breed of deep learning algorithms have emerged for high-nuisance inference tasks that routinely yield pattern recognition systems with near- or super-human capabilities. But a fundamental question remains: Why do they work? Intuitions abound, but a coherent framework for understanding, analyzing, and synthesizing deep learning architectures has remained elusive. We answer this question by developing a new probabilistic framework for deep learning based on the Deep Rendering Model: a generative probabilistic model that explicitly captures latent nuisance variation. By relaxing the generative model to a discriminative one, we can recover two of the current leading deep learning systems, deep convolutional neural networks and random decision forests, providing insights into their successes and shortcomings, as well as a principled route to their improvement.	A Probabilistic Theory of Deep Learning  A grand challenge in machine learning is the development of computational algorithms that match or outperform humans in perceptual inference tasks that are complicated by nuisance variation. For instance, visual object recognition involves the unknown object position, orientation, and scale in object recognition while speech recognition involves the unknown voice pronunciation, pitch, and speed. Recently, a new breed of deep learning algorithms have emerged for high-nuisance inference tasks that routinely yield pattern recognition systems with near- or super-human capabilities. But a fundamental question remains: Why do they work? Intuitions abound, but a coherent framework for understanding, analyzing, and synthesizing deep learning architectures has remained elusive. We answer this question by developing a new probabilistic framework for deep learning based on the Deep Rendering Model: a generative probabilistic model that explicitly captures latent nuisance variation. By relaxing the generative model to a discriminative one, we can recover two of the current leading deep learning systems, deep convolutional neural networks and random decision forests, providing insights into their successes and shortcomings, as well as a principled route to their improvement.	234
Is there any intuitive or simple explanation for how attention works in the deep learning model of an LSTM, GRU, or neural network?	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning. In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model. Although we are motivated by the connection between deep learning and RG flow, in this study we focus mainly on comparing a single layer of a deep network to a single step in the RG flow. We argue that correlation functions between hidden and visible neurons are capable of diagnosing RG-like coarse graining. Numerical experiments show the presence of RG-like patterns in correlators computed using the trained RBMs. The observables we consider are also able to exhibit important differences between RG and deep learning.	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning. In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model. Although we are motivated by the connection between deep learning and RG flow, in this study we focus mainly on comparing a single layer of a deep network to a single step in the RG flow. We argue that correlation functions between hidden and visible neurons are capable of diagnosing RG-like coarse graining. Numerical experiments show the presence of RG-like patterns in correlators computed using the trained RBMs. The observables we consider are also able to exhibit important differences between RG and deep learning.	237
Is there any intuitive or simple explanation for how attention works in the deep learning model of an LSTM, GRU, or neural network?	Incorporating Biological Knowledge with Factor Graph Neural Network for   Interpretable Deep Learning  While deep learning has achieved great success in many fields, one common criticism about deep learning is its lack of interpretability. In most cases, the hidden units in a deep neural network do not have a clear semantic meaning or correspond to any physical entities. However, model interpretability and explainability are crucial in many biomedical applications. To address this challenge, we developed the Factor Graph Neural Network model that is interpretable and predictable by combining probabilistic graphical models with deep learning. We directly encode biological knowledge such as Gene Ontology as a factor graph into the model architecture, making the model transparent and interpretable. Furthermore, we devised an attention mechanism that can capture multi-scale hierarchical interactions among biological entities such as genes and Gene Ontology terms. With parameter sharing mechanism, the unrolled Factor Graph Neural Network model can be trained with stochastic depth and generalize well. We applied our model to two cancer genomic datasets to predict target clinical variables and achieved better results than other traditional machine learning and deep learning models. Our model can also be used for gene set enrichment analysis and selecting Gene Ontology terms that are important to target clinical variables.	Incorporating Biological Knowledge with Factor Graph Neural Network for   Interpretable Deep Learning  While deep learning has achieved great success in many fields, one common criticism about deep learning is its lack of interpretability. In most cases, the hidden units in a deep neural network do not have a clear semantic meaning or correspond to any physical entities. However, model interpretability and explainability are crucial in many biomedical applications. To address this challenge, we developed the Factor Graph Neural Network model that is interpretable and predictable by combining probabilistic graphical models with deep learning. We directly encode biological knowledge such as Gene Ontology as a factor graph into the model architecture, making the model transparent and interpretable. Furthermore, we devised an attention mechanism that can capture multi-scale hierarchical interactions among biological entities such as genes and Gene Ontology terms. With parameter sharing mechanism, the unrolled Factor Graph Neural Network model can be trained with stochastic depth and generalize well. We applied our model to two cancer genomic datasets to predict target clinical variables and achieved better results than other traditional machine learning and deep learning models. Our model can also be used for gene set enrichment analysis and selecting Gene Ontology terms that are important to target clinical variables.	237
Is there any intuitive or simple explanation for how attention works in the deep learning model of an LSTM, GRU, or neural network?	Deep Loopy Neural Network Model for Graph Structured Data Representation   Learning  Existing deep learning models may encounter great challenges in handling graph structured data. In this paper, we introduce a new deep learning model for graph data specifically, namely the deep loopy neural network. Significantly different from the previous deep models, inside the deep loopy neural network, there exist a large number of loops created by the extensive connections among nodes in the input graph data, which makes model learning an infeasible task. To resolve such a problem, in this paper, we will introduce a new learning algorithm for the deep loopy neural network specifically. Instead of learning the model variables based on the original model, in the proposed learning algorithm, errors will be back-propagated through the edges in a group of extracted spanning trees. Extensive numerical experiments have been done on several real-world graph datasets, and the experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of both the proposed model and the learning algorithm in handling graph data.	Deep Loopy Neural Network Model for Graph Structured Data Representation   Learning  Existing deep learning models may encounter great challenges in handling graph structured data. In this paper, we introduce a new deep learning model for graph data specifically, namely the deep loopy neural network. Significantly different from the previous deep models, inside the deep loopy neural network, there exist a large number of loops created by the extensive connections among nodes in the input graph data, which makes model learning an infeasible task. To resolve such a problem, in this paper, we will introduce a new learning algorithm for the deep loopy neural network specifically. Instead of learning the model variables based on the original model, in the proposed learning algorithm, errors will be back-propagated through the edges in a group of extracted spanning trees. Extensive numerical experiments have been done on several real-world graph datasets, and the experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of both the proposed model and the learning algorithm in handling graph data.	242
Why is it a problem to have exploding gradients in a neural net (especially in an RNN)?	Survey on the attention based RNN model and its applications in computer   vision  The recurrent neural networks (RNN) can be used to solve the sequence to sequence problem, where both the input and the output have sequential structures. Usually there are some implicit relations between the structures. However, it is hard for the common RNN model to fully explore the relations between the sequences. In this survey, we introduce some attention based RNN models which can focus on different parts of the input for each output item, in order to explore and take advantage of the implicit relations between the input and the output items. The different attention mechanisms are described in detail. We then introduce some applications in computer vision which apply the attention based RNN models. The superiority of the attention based RNN model is shown by the experimental results. At last some future research directions are given.	Survey on the attention based RNN model and its applications in computer   vision  The recurrent neural networks (RNN) can be used to solve the sequence to sequence problem, where both the input and the output have sequential structures. Usually there are some implicit relations between the structures. However, it is hard for the common RNN model to fully explore the relations between the sequences. In this survey, we introduce some attention based RNN models which can focus on different parts of the input for each output item, in order to explore and take advantage of the implicit relations between the input and the output items. The different attention mechanisms are described in detail. We then introduce some applications in computer vision which apply the attention based RNN models. The superiority of the attention based RNN model is shown by the experimental results. At last some future research directions are given.	294
Why is it a problem to have exploding gradients in a neural net (especially in an RNN)?	A geometric analysis of subspace clustering with outliers  This paper considers the problem of clustering a collection of unlabeled data points assumed to lie near a union of lower-dimensional planes. As is common in computer vision or unsupervised learning applications, we do not know in advance how many subspaces there are nor do we have any information about their dimensions. We develop a novel geometric analysis of an algorithm named sparse subspace clustering (SSC) [In IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, 2009. CVPR 2009 (2009) 2790-2797. IEEE], which significantly broadens the range of problems where it is provably effective. For instance, we show that SSC can recover multiple subspaces, each of dimension comparable to the ambient dimension. We also prove that SSC can correctly cluster data points even when the subspaces of interest intersect. Further, we develop an extension of SSC that succeeds when the data set is corrupted with possibly overwhelmingly many outliers. Underlying our analysis are clear geometric insights, which may bear on other sparse recovery problems. A numerical study complements our theoretical analysis and demonstrates the effectiveness of these methods.	A geometric analysis of subspace clustering with outliers  This paper considers the problem of clustering a collection of unlabeled data points assumed to lie near a union of lower-dimensional planes. As is common in computer vision or unsupervised learning applications, we do not know in advance how many subspaces there are nor do we have any information about their dimensions. We develop a novel geometric analysis of an algorithm named sparse subspace clustering (SSC) [In IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, 2009. CVPR 2009 (2009) 2790-2797. IEEE], which significantly broadens the range of problems where it is provably effective. For instance, we show that SSC can recover multiple subspaces, each of dimension comparable to the ambient dimension. We also prove that SSC can correctly cluster data points even when the subspaces of interest intersect. Further, we develop an extension of SSC that succeeds when the data set is corrupted with possibly overwhelmingly many outliers. Underlying our analysis are clear geometric insights, which may bear on other sparse recovery problems. A numerical study complements our theoretical analysis and demonstrates the effectiveness of these methods.	297
Why is it a problem to have exploding gradients in a neural net (especially in an RNN)?	Understanding LSTM -- a tutorial into Long Short-Term Memory Recurrent   Neural Networks  Long Short-Term Memory Recurrent Neural Networks (LSTM-RNN) are one of the most powerful dynamic classifiers publicly known. The network itself and the related learning algorithms are reasonably well documented to get an idea how it works. This paper will shed more light into understanding how LSTM-RNNs evolved and why they work impressively well, focusing on the early, ground-breaking publications. We significantly improved documentation and fixed a number of errors and inconsistencies that accumulated in previous publications. To support understanding we as well revised and unified the notation used.	Understanding LSTM -- a tutorial into Long Short-Term Memory Recurrent   Neural Networks  Long Short-Term Memory Recurrent Neural Networks (LSTM-RNN) are one of the most powerful dynamic classifiers publicly known. The network itself and the related learning algorithms are reasonably well documented to get an idea how it works. This paper will shed more light into understanding how LSTM-RNNs evolved and why they work impressively well, focusing on the early, ground-breaking publications. We significantly improved documentation and fixed a number of errors and inconsistencies that accumulated in previous publications. To support understanding we as well revised and unified the notation used.	296
Why is it a problem to have exploding gradients in a neural net (especially in an RNN)?	Input-Output Equivalence of Unitary and Contractive RNNs  Unitary recurrent neural networks (URNNs) have been proposed as a method to overcome the vanishing and exploding gradient problem in modeling data with long-term dependencies. A basic question is how restrictive is the unitary constraint on the possible input-output mappings of such a network? This work shows that for any contractive RNN with ReLU activations, there is a URNN with at most twice the number of hidden states and the identical input-output mapping. Hence, with ReLU activations, URNNs are as expressive as general RNNs. In contrast, for certain smooth activations, it is shown that the input-output mapping of an RNN cannot be matched with a URNN, even with an arbitrary number of states. The theoretical results are supported by experiments on modeling of slowly-varying dynamical systems.	Input-Output Equivalence of Unitary and Contractive RNNs  Unitary recurrent neural networks (URNNs) have been proposed as a method to overcome the vanishing and exploding gradient problem in modeling data with long-term dependencies. A basic question is how restrictive is the unitary constraint on the possible input-output mappings of such a network? This work shows that for any contractive RNN with ReLU activations, there is a URNN with at most twice the number of hidden states and the identical input-output mapping. Hence, with ReLU activations, URNNs are as expressive as general RNNs. In contrast, for certain smooth activations, it is shown that the input-output mapping of an RNN cannot be matched with a URNN, even with an arbitrary number of states. The theoretical results are supported by experiments on modeling of slowly-varying dynamical systems.	264
Why is it a problem to have exploding gradients in a neural net (especially in an RNN)?	Beyond exploding and vanishing gradients: analysing RNN training using   attractors and smoothness  The exploding and vanishing gradient problem has been the major conceptual principle behind most architecture and training improvements in recurrent neural networks (RNNs) during the last decade. In this paper, we argue that this principle, while powerful, might need some refinement to explain recent developments. We refine the concept of exploding gradients by reformulating the problem in terms of the cost function smoothness, which gives insight into higher-order derivatives and the existence of regions with many close local minima. We also clarify the distinction between vanishing gradients and the need for the RNN to learn attractors to fully use its expressive power. Through the lens of these refinements, we shed new light on recent developments in the RNN field, namely stable RNN and unitary (or orthogonal) RNNs.	Beyond exploding and vanishing gradients: analysing RNN training using   attractors and smoothness  The exploding and vanishing gradient problem has been the major conceptual principle behind most architecture and training improvements in recurrent neural networks (RNNs) during the last decade. In this paper, we argue that this principle, while powerful, might need some refinement to explain recent developments. We refine the concept of exploding gradients by reformulating the problem in terms of the cost function smoothness, which gives insight into higher-order derivatives and the existence of regions with many close local minima. We also clarify the distinction between vanishing gradients and the need for the RNN to learn attractors to fully use its expressive power. Through the lens of these refinements, we shed new light on recent developments in the RNN field, namely stable RNN and unitary (or orthogonal) RNNs.	288
For a sequence-to-sequence model in RNN, does the input have to contain only sequences or can it accept contextual information as well?	Survey on the attention based RNN model and its applications in computer   vision  The recurrent neural networks (RNN) can be used to solve the sequence to sequence problem, where both the input and the output have sequential structures. Usually there are some implicit relations between the structures. However, it is hard for the common RNN model to fully explore the relations between the sequences. In this survey, we introduce some attention based RNN models which can focus on different parts of the input for each output item, in order to explore and take advantage of the implicit relations between the input and the output items. The different attention mechanisms are described in detail. We then introduce some applications in computer vision which apply the attention based RNN models. The superiority of the attention based RNN model is shown by the experimental results. At last some future research directions are given.	Survey on the attention based RNN model and its applications in computer   vision  The recurrent neural networks (RNN) can be used to solve the sequence to sequence problem, where both the input and the output have sequential structures. Usually there are some implicit relations between the structures. However, it is hard for the common RNN model to fully explore the relations between the sequences. In this survey, we introduce some attention based RNN models which can focus on different parts of the input for each output item, in order to explore and take advantage of the implicit relations between the input and the output items. The different attention mechanisms are described in detail. We then introduce some applications in computer vision which apply the attention based RNN models. The superiority of the attention based RNN model is shown by the experimental results. At last some future research directions are given.	252
For a sequence-to-sequence model in RNN, does the input have to contain only sequences or can it accept contextual information as well?	Evaluating Sequence-to-Sequence Models for Handwritten Text Recognition  Encoder-decoder models have become an effective approach for sequence learning tasks like machine translation, image captioning and speech recognition, but have yet to show competitive results for handwritten text recognition. To this end, we propose an attention-based sequence-to-sequence model. It combines a convolutional neural network as a generic feature extractor with a recurrent neural network to encode both the visual information, as well as the temporal context between characters in the input image, and uses a separate recurrent neural network to decode the actual character sequence. We make experimental comparisons between various attention mechanisms and positional encodings, in order to find an appropriate alignment between the input and output sequence. The model can be trained end-to-end and the optional integration of a hybrid loss allows the encoder to retain an interpretable and usable output, if desired. We achieve competitive results on the IAM and ICFHR2016 READ data sets compared to the state-of-the-art without the use of a language model, and we significantly improve over any recent sequence-to-sequence approaches.	Evaluating Sequence-to-Sequence Models for Handwritten Text Recognition  Encoder-decoder models have become an effective approach for sequence learning tasks like machine translation, image captioning and speech recognition, but have yet to show competitive results for handwritten text recognition. To this end, we propose an attention-based sequence-to-sequence model. It combines a convolutional neural network as a generic feature extractor with a recurrent neural network to encode both the visual information, as well as the temporal context between characters in the input image, and uses a separate recurrent neural network to decode the actual character sequence. We make experimental comparisons between various attention mechanisms and positional encodings, in order to find an appropriate alignment between the input and output sequence. The model can be trained end-to-end and the optional integration of a hybrid loss allows the encoder to retain an interpretable and usable output, if desired. We achieve competitive results on the IAM and ICFHR2016 READ data sets compared to the state-of-the-art without the use of a language model, and we significantly improve over any recent sequence-to-sequence approaches.	268
For a sequence-to-sequence model in RNN, does the input have to contain only sequences or can it accept contextual information as well?	Linked Recurrent Neural Networks  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) have been proven to be effective in modeling sequential data and they have been applied to boost a variety of tasks such as document classification, speech recognition and machine translation. Most of existing RNN models have been designed for sequences assumed to be identically and independently distributed (i.i.d). However, in many real-world applications, sequences are naturally linked. For example, web documents are connected by hyperlinks; and genes interact with each other. On the one hand, linked sequences are inherently not i.i.d., which poses tremendous challenges to existing RNN models. On the other hand, linked sequences offer link information in addition to the sequential information, which enables unprecedented opportunities to build advanced RNN models. In this paper, we study the problem of RNN for linked sequences. In particular, we introduce a principled approach to capture link information and propose a linked Recurrent Neural Network (LinkedRNN), which models sequential and link information coherently. We conduct experiments on real-world datasets from multiple domains and the experimental results validate the effectiveness of the proposed framework.	Linked Recurrent Neural Networks  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) have been proven to be effective in modeling sequential data and they have been applied to boost a variety of tasks such as document classification, speech recognition and machine translation. Most of existing RNN models have been designed for sequences assumed to be identically and independently distributed (i.i.d). However, in many real-world applications, sequences are naturally linked. For example, web documents are connected by hyperlinks; and genes interact with each other. On the one hand, linked sequences are inherently not i.i.d., which poses tremendous challenges to existing RNN models. On the other hand, linked sequences offer link information in addition to the sequential information, which enables unprecedented opportunities to build advanced RNN models. In this paper, we study the problem of RNN for linked sequences. In particular, we introduce a principled approach to capture link information and propose a linked Recurrent Neural Network (LinkedRNN), which models sequential and link information coherently. We conduct experiments on real-world datasets from multiple domains and the experimental results validate the effectiveness of the proposed framework.	266
For a sequence-to-sequence model in RNN, does the input have to contain only sequences or can it accept contextual information as well?	Comparison of RNN Encoder-Decoder Models for Anomaly Detection  In this paper, we compare different types of Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) Encoder-Decoders in anomaly detection viewpoint. We focused on finding the model that can learn the same data more effectively. We compared multiple models under the same conditions, such as the number of parameters, optimizer, and learning rate. However, the difference is whether to predict the future sequence or restore the current sequence. We constructed the dataset with simple vectors and used them for the experiment. Finally, we experimentally confirmed that the model performs better when the model restores the current sequence, rather than predict the future sequence.	Comparison of RNN Encoder-Decoder Models for Anomaly Detection  In this paper, we compare different types of Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) Encoder-Decoders in anomaly detection viewpoint. We focused on finding the model that can learn the same data more effectively. We compared multiple models under the same conditions, such as the number of parameters, optimizer, and learning rate. However, the difference is whether to predict the future sequence or restore the current sequence. We constructed the dataset with simple vectors and used them for the experiment. Finally, we experimentally confirmed that the model performs better when the model restores the current sequence, rather than predict the future sequence.	250
For a sequence-to-sequence model in RNN, does the input have to contain only sequences or can it accept contextual information as well?	Input-Output Equivalence of Unitary and Contractive RNNs  Unitary recurrent neural networks (URNNs) have been proposed as a method to overcome the vanishing and exploding gradient problem in modeling data with long-term dependencies. A basic question is how restrictive is the unitary constraint on the possible input-output mappings of such a network? This work shows that for any contractive RNN with ReLU activations, there is a URNN with at most twice the number of hidden states and the identical input-output mapping. Hence, with ReLU activations, URNNs are as expressive as general RNNs. In contrast, for certain smooth activations, it is shown that the input-output mapping of an RNN cannot be matched with a URNN, even with an arbitrary number of states. The theoretical results are supported by experiments on modeling of slowly-varying dynamical systems.	Input-Output Equivalence of Unitary and Contractive RNNs  Unitary recurrent neural networks (URNNs) have been proposed as a method to overcome the vanishing and exploding gradient problem in modeling data with long-term dependencies. A basic question is how restrictive is the unitary constraint on the possible input-output mappings of such a network? This work shows that for any contractive RNN with ReLU activations, there is a URNN with at most twice the number of hidden states and the identical input-output mapping. Hence, with ReLU activations, URNNs are as expressive as general RNNs. In contrast, for certain smooth activations, it is shown that the input-output mapping of an RNN cannot be matched with a URNN, even with an arbitrary number of states. The theoretical results are supported by experiments on modeling of slowly-varying dynamical systems.	231
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	Adaptive Network Sparsification with Dependent Variational   Beta-Bernoulli Dropout  While variational dropout approaches have been shown to be effective for network sparsification, they are still suboptimal in the sense that they set the dropout rate for each neuron without consideration of the input data. With such input-independent dropout, each neuron is evolved to be generic across inputs, which makes it difficult to sparsify networks without accuracy loss. To overcome this limitation, we propose adaptive variational dropout whose probabilities are drawn from sparsity-inducing beta Bernoulli prior. It allows each neuron to be evolved either to be generic or specific for certain inputs, or dropped altogether. Such input-adaptive sparsity-inducing dropout allows the resulting network to tolerate larger degree of sparsity without losing its expressive power by removing redundancies among features. We validate our dependent variational beta-Bernoulli dropout on multiple public datasets, on which it obtains significantly more compact networks than baseline methods, with consistent accuracy improvements over the base networks.	Adaptive Network Sparsification with Dependent Variational   Beta-Bernoulli Dropout  While variational dropout approaches have been shown to be effective for network sparsification, they are still suboptimal in the sense that they set the dropout rate for each neuron without consideration of the input data. With such input-independent dropout, each neuron is evolved to be generic across inputs, which makes it difficult to sparsify networks without accuracy loss. To overcome this limitation, we propose adaptive variational dropout whose probabilities are drawn from sparsity-inducing beta Bernoulli prior. It allows each neuron to be evolved either to be generic or specific for certain inputs, or dropped altogether. Such input-adaptive sparsity-inducing dropout allows the resulting network to tolerate larger degree of sparsity without losing its expressive power by removing redundancies among features. We validate our dependent variational beta-Bernoulli dropout on multiple public datasets, on which it obtains significantly more compact networks than baseline methods, with consistent accuracy improvements over the base networks.	264
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	Variational Integrator Networks for Physically Structured Embeddings  Learning workable representations of dynamical systems is becoming an increasingly important problem in a number of application areas. By leveraging recent work connecting deep neural networks to systems of differential equations, we propose \emph{variational integrator networks}, a class of neural network architectures designed to preserve the geometric structure of physical systems. This class of network architectures facilitates accurate long-term prediction, interpretability, and data-efficient learning, while still remaining highly flexible and capable of modeling complex behavior. We demonstrate that they can accurately learn dynamical systems from both noisy observations in phase space and from image pixels within which the unknown dynamics are embedded.	Variational Integrator Networks for Physically Structured Embeddings  Learning workable representations of dynamical systems is becoming an increasingly important problem in a number of application areas. By leveraging recent work connecting deep neural networks to systems of differential equations, we propose \emph{variational integrator networks}, a class of neural network architectures designed to preserve the geometric structure of physical systems. This class of network architectures facilitates accurate long-term prediction, interpretability, and data-efficient learning, while still remaining highly flexible and capable of modeling complex behavior. We demonstrate that they can accurately learn dynamical systems from both noisy observations in phase space and from image pixels within which the unknown dynamics are embedded.	308
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	Towards Physically-consistent, Data-driven Models of Convection  Data-driven algorithms, in particular neural networks, can emulate the effect of sub-grid scale processes in coarse-resolution climate models if trained on high-resolution climate simulations. However, they may violate key physical constraints and lack the ability to generalize outside of their training set. Here, we show that physical constraints can be enforced in neural networks, either approximately by adapting the loss function or to within machine precision by adapting the architecture. As these physical constraints are insufficient to guarantee generalizability, we additionally propose to physically rescale the training and validation data to improve the ability of neural networks to generalize to unseen climates.	Towards Physically-consistent, Data-driven Models of Convection  Data-driven algorithms, in particular neural networks, can emulate the effect of sub-grid scale processes in coarse-resolution climate models if trained on high-resolution climate simulations. However, they may violate key physical constraints and lack the ability to generalize outside of their training set. Here, we show that physical constraints can be enforced in neural networks, either approximately by adapting the loss function or to within machine precision by adapting the architecture. As these physical constraints are insufficient to guarantee generalizability, we additionally propose to physically rescale the training and validation data to improve the ability of neural networks to generalize to unseen climates.	289
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	An Interval-Based Bayesian Generative Model for Human Complex Activity   Recognition  Complex activity recognition is challenging due to the inherent uncertainty and diversity of performing a complex activity. Normally, each instance of a complex activity has its own configuration of atomic actions and their temporal dependencies. We propose in this paper an atomic action-based Bayesian model that constructs Allen's interval relation networks to characterize complex activities with structural varieties in a probabilistic generative way: By introducing latent variables from the Chinese restaurant process, our approach is able to capture all possible styles of a particular complex activity as a unique set of distributions over atomic actions and relations. We also show that local temporal dependencies can be retained and are globally consistent in the resulting interval network. Moreover, network structure can be learned from empirical data. A new dataset of complex hand activities has been constructed and made publicly available, which is much larger in size than any existing datasets. Empirical evaluations on benchmark datasets as well as our in-house dataset demonstrate the competitiveness of our approach.	An Interval-Based Bayesian Generative Model for Human Complex Activity   Recognition  Complex activity recognition is challenging due to the inherent uncertainty and diversity of performing a complex activity. Normally, each instance of a complex activity has its own configuration of atomic actions and their temporal dependencies. We propose in this paper an atomic action-based Bayesian model that constructs Allen's interval relation networks to characterize complex activities with structural varieties in a probabilistic generative way: By introducing latent variables from the Chinese restaurant process, our approach is able to capture all possible styles of a particular complex activity as a unique set of distributions over atomic actions and relations. We also show that local temporal dependencies can be retained and are globally consistent in the resulting interval network. Moreover, network structure can be learned from empirical data. A new dataset of complex hand activities has been constructed and made publicly available, which is much larger in size than any existing datasets. Empirical evaluations on benchmark datasets as well as our in-house dataset demonstrate the competitiveness of our approach.	306
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	Warranty Cost Estimation Using Bayesian Network  All multi-component product manufacturing companies face the problem of warranty cost estimation. Failure rate analysis of components plays a key role in this problem. Data source used for failure rate analysis has traditionally been past failure data of components. However, failure rate analysis can be improved by means of fusion of additional information, such as symptoms observed during after-sale service of the product, geographical information (hilly or plains areas), and information from tele-diagnostic analytics. In this paper, we propose an approach, which learns dependency between part-failures and symptoms gleaned from such diverse sources of information, to predict expected number of failures with better accuracy. We also indicate how the optimum warranty period can be computed. We demonstrate, through empirical results, that our method can improve the warranty cost estimates significantly.	Warranty Cost Estimation Using Bayesian Network  All multi-component product manufacturing companies face the problem of warranty cost estimation. Failure rate analysis of components plays a key role in this problem. Data source used for failure rate analysis has traditionally been past failure data of components. However, failure rate analysis can be improved by means of fusion of additional information, such as symptoms observed during after-sale service of the product, geographical information (hilly or plains areas), and information from tele-diagnostic analytics. In this paper, we propose an approach, which learns dependency between part-failures and symptoms gleaned from such diverse sources of information, to predict expected number of failures with better accuracy. We also indicate how the optimum warranty period can be computed. We demonstrate, through empirical results, that our method can improve the warranty cost estimates significantly.	308
What is the difference between states and outputs in LSTM?	The Why and How of Nonnegative Matrix Factorization  Nonnegative matrix factorization (NMF) has become a widely used tool for the analysis of high-dimensional data as it automatically extracts sparse and meaningful features from a set of nonnegative data vectors. We first illustrate this property of NMF on three applications, in image processing, text mining and hyperspectral imaging --this is the why. Then we address the problem of solving NMF, which is NP-hard in general. We review some standard NMF algorithms, and also present a recent subclass of NMF problems, referred to as near-separable NMF, that can be solved efficiently (that is, in polynomial time), even in the presence of noise --this is the how. Finally, we briefly describe some problems in mathematics and computer science closely related to NMF via the nonnegative rank.	The Why and How of Nonnegative Matrix Factorization  Nonnegative matrix factorization (NMF) has become a widely used tool for the analysis of high-dimensional data as it automatically extracts sparse and meaningful features from a set of nonnegative data vectors. We first illustrate this property of NMF on three applications, in image processing, text mining and hyperspectral imaging --this is the why. Then we address the problem of solving NMF, which is NP-hard in general. We review some standard NMF algorithms, and also present a recent subclass of NMF problems, referred to as near-separable NMF, that can be solved efficiently (that is, in polynomial time), even in the presence of noise --this is the how. Finally, we briefly describe some problems in mathematics and computer science closely related to NMF via the nonnegative rank.	461
What is the difference between states and outputs in LSTM?	Off-Policy Policy Gradient with State Distribution Correction  We study the problem of off-policy policy optimization in Markov decision processes, and develop a novel off-policy policy gradient method. Prior off-policy policy gradient approaches have generally ignored the mismatch between the distribution of states visited under the behavior policy used to collect data, and what would be the distribution of states under the learned policy. Here we build on recent progress for estimating the ratio of the state distributions under behavior and evaluation policies for policy evaluation, and present an off-policy policy gradient optimization technique that can account for this mismatch in distributions. We present an illustrative example of why this is important and a theoretical convergence guarantee for our approach. Empirically, we compare our method in simulations to several strong baselines which do not correct for this mismatch, significantly improving in the quality of the policy discovered.	Off-Policy Policy Gradient with State Distribution Correction  We study the problem of off-policy policy optimization in Markov decision processes, and develop a novel off-policy policy gradient method. Prior off-policy policy gradient approaches have generally ignored the mismatch between the distribution of states visited under the behavior policy used to collect data, and what would be the distribution of states under the learned policy. Here we build on recent progress for estimating the ratio of the state distributions under behavior and evaluation policies for policy evaluation, and present an off-policy policy gradient optimization technique that can account for this mismatch in distributions. We present an illustrative example of why this is important and a theoretical convergence guarantee for our approach. Empirically, we compare our method in simulations to several strong baselines which do not correct for this mismatch, significantly improving in the quality of the policy discovered.	463
What is the difference between states and outputs in LSTM?	Persistent Hidden States and Nonlinear Transformation for Long   Short-Term Memory  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have been drawing much attention with great success in many applications like speech recognition and neural machine translation. Long short-term memory (LSTM) is one of the most popular RNN units in deep learning applications. LSTM transforms the input and the previous hidden states to the next states with the affine transformation, multiplication operations and a nonlinear activation function, which makes a good data representation for a given task. The affine transformation includes rotation and reflection, which change the semantic or syntactic information of dimensions in the hidden states. However, considering that a model interprets the output sequence of LSTM over the whole input sequence, the dimensions of the states need to keep the same type of semantic or syntactic information regardless of the location in the sequence. In this paper, we propose a simple variant of the LSTM unit, persistent recurrent unit (PRU), where each dimension of hidden states keeps persistent information across time, so that the space keeps the same meaning over the whole sequence. In addition, to improve the nonlinear transformation power, we add a feedforward layer in the PRU structure. In the experiment, we evaluate our proposed methods with three different tasks, and the results confirm that our methods have better performance than the conventional LSTM.	Persistent Hidden States and Nonlinear Transformation for Long   Short-Term Memory  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have been drawing much attention with great success in many applications like speech recognition and neural machine translation. Long short-term memory (LSTM) is one of the most popular RNN units in deep learning applications. LSTM transforms the input and the previous hidden states to the next states with the affine transformation, multiplication operations and a nonlinear activation function, which makes a good data representation for a given task. The affine transformation includes rotation and reflection, which change the semantic or syntactic information of dimensions in the hidden states. However, considering that a model interprets the output sequence of LSTM over the whole input sequence, the dimensions of the states need to keep the same type of semantic or syntactic information regardless of the location in the sequence. In this paper, we propose a simple variant of the LSTM unit, persistent recurrent unit (PRU), where each dimension of hidden states keeps persistent information across time, so that the space keeps the same meaning over the whole sequence. In addition, to improve the nonlinear transformation power, we add a feedforward layer in the PRU structure. In the experiment, we evaluate our proposed methods with three different tasks, and the results confirm that our methods have better performance than the conventional LSTM.	445
What is the difference between states and outputs in LSTM?	Observer-based Adaptive Optimal Output Containment Control problem of   Linear Heterogeneous Multi-agent Systems with Relative Output Measurements  This paper develops an optimal relative output-feedback based solution to the containment control problem of linear heterogeneous multi-agent systems. A distributed optimal control protocol is presented for the followers to not only assure that their outputs fall into the convex hull of the leaders' output (i.e., the desired or safe region), but also optimizes their transient performance. The proposed optimal control solution is composed of a feedback part, depending of the followers' state, and a feed-forward part, depending on the convex hull of the leaders' state. To comply with most real-world applications, the feedback and feed-forward states are assumed to be unavailable and are estimated using two distributed observers. That is, since the followers cannot directly sense their absolute states, a distributed observer is designed that uses only relative output measurements with respect to their neighbors (measured for example by using range sensors in robotic) and the information which is broadcasted by their neighbors to estimate their states. Moreover, another adaptive distributed observer is designed that uses exchange of information between followers over a communication network to estimate the convex hull of the leaders' state. The proposed observer relaxes the restrictive requirement of knowing the complete knowledge of the leaders' dynamics by all followers. An off-policy reinforcement learning algorithm on an actor-critic structure is next developed to solve the optimal containment control problem online, using relative output measurements and without requirement of knowing the leaders' dynamics by all followers. Finally, the theoretical results are verified by numerical simulations.	Observer-based Adaptive Optimal Output Containment Control problem of   Linear Heterogeneous Multi-agent Systems with Relative Output Measurements  This paper develops an optimal relative output-feedback based solution to the containment control problem of linear heterogeneous multi-agent systems. A distributed optimal control protocol is presented for the followers to not only assure that their outputs fall into the convex hull of the leaders' output (i.e., the desired or safe region), but also optimizes their transient performance. The proposed optimal control solution is composed of a feedback part, depending of the followers' state, and a feed-forward part, depending on the convex hull of the leaders' state. To comply with most real-world applications, the feedback and feed-forward states are assumed to be unavailable and are estimated using two distributed observers. That is, since the followers cannot directly sense their absolute states, a distributed observer is designed that uses only relative output measurements with respect to their neighbors (measured for example by using range sensors in robotic) and the information which is broadcasted by their neighbors to estimate their states. Moreover, another adaptive distributed observer is designed that uses exchange of information between followers over a communication network to estimate the convex hull of the leaders' state. The proposed observer relaxes the restrictive requirement of knowing the complete knowledge of the leaders' dynamics by all followers. An off-policy reinforcement learning algorithm on an actor-critic structure is next developed to solve the optimal containment control problem online, using relative output measurements and without requirement of knowing the leaders' dynamics by all followers. Finally, the theoretical results are verified by numerical simulations.	461
What is the difference between states and outputs in LSTM?	Forecasting market states  We propose a novel methodology to define, analyze and forecast market states. In our approach market states are identified by a reference sparse precision matrix and a vector of expectation values. In our procedure, each multivariate observation is associated with a given market state accordingly to a minimization of a penalized Mahalanobis distance. The procedure is made computationally very efficient and can be used with a large number of assets. We demonstrate that this procedure is successful at clustering different states of the markets in an unsupervised manner. In particular, we describe an experiment with one hundred log-returns and two states in which the methodology automatically associates states prevalently to pre- and post- crisis periods with one state gathering periods with average positive returns and the other state periods with average negative returns, therefore discovering spontaneously the common classification of `bull' and `bear' markets. In another experiment, with again one hundred log-returns and two states, we demonstrate that this procedure can be efficiently used to forecast off-sample future market states with significant prediction accuracy. This methodology opens the way to a range of applications in risk management and trading strategies in the context where the correlation structure plays a central role.	Forecasting market states  We propose a novel methodology to define, analyze and forecast market states. In our approach market states are identified by a reference sparse precision matrix and a vector of expectation values. In our procedure, each multivariate observation is associated with a given market state accordingly to a minimization of a penalized Mahalanobis distance. The procedure is made computationally very efficient and can be used with a large number of assets. We demonstrate that this procedure is successful at clustering different states of the markets in an unsupervised manner. In particular, we describe an experiment with one hundred log-returns and two states in which the methodology automatically associates states prevalently to pre- and post- crisis periods with one state gathering periods with average positive returns and the other state periods with average negative returns, therefore discovering spontaneously the common classification of `bull' and `bear' markets. In another experiment, with again one hundred log-returns and two states, we demonstrate that this procedure can be efficiently used to forecast off-sample future market states with significant prediction accuracy. This methodology opens the way to a range of applications in risk management and trading strategies in the context where the correlation structure plays a central role.	461
What is the advantage of combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?	CNN Is All You Need  The Convolution Neural Network (CNN) has demonstrated the unique advantage in audio, image and text learning; recently it has also challenged Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) with long short-term memory cells (LSTM) in sequence-to-sequence learning, since the computations involved in CNN are easily parallelizable whereas those involved in RNN are mostly sequential, leading to a performance bottleneck. However, unlike RNN, the native CNN lacks the history sensitivity required for sequence transformation; therefore enhancing the sequential order awareness, or position-sensitivity, becomes the key to make CNN the general deep learning model. In this work we introduce an extended CNN model with strengthen position-sensitivity, called PoseNet. A notable feature of PoseNet is the asymmetric treatment of position information in the encoder and the decoder. Experiments shows that PoseNet allows us to improve the accuracy of CNN based sequence-to-sequence learning significantly, achieving around 33-36 BLEU scores on the WMT 2014 English-to-German translation task, and around 44-46 BLEU scores on the English-to-French translation task.	CNN Is All You Need  The Convolution Neural Network (CNN) has demonstrated the unique advantage in audio, image and text learning; recently it has also challenged Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) with long short-term memory cells (LSTM) in sequence-to-sequence learning, since the computations involved in CNN are easily parallelizable whereas those involved in RNN are mostly sequential, leading to a performance bottleneck. However, unlike RNN, the native CNN lacks the history sensitivity required for sequence transformation; therefore enhancing the sequential order awareness, or position-sensitivity, becomes the key to make CNN the general deep learning model. In this work we introduce an extended CNN model with strengthen position-sensitivity, called PoseNet. A notable feature of PoseNet is the asymmetric treatment of position information in the encoder and the decoder. Experiments shows that PoseNet allows us to improve the accuracy of CNN based sequence-to-sequence learning significantly, achieving around 33-36 BLEU scores on the WMT 2014 English-to-German translation task, and around 44-46 BLEU scores on the English-to-French translation task.	297
What is the advantage of combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?	When Face Recognition Meets with Deep Learning: an Evaluation of   Convolutional Neural Networks for Face Recognition  Deep learning, in particular Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), has achieved promising results in face recognition recently. However, it remains an open question: why CNNs work well and how to design a 'good' architecture. The existing works tend to focus on reporting CNN architectures that work well for face recognition rather than investigate the reason. In this work, we conduct an extensive evaluation of CNN-based face recognition systems (CNN-FRS) on a common ground to make our work easily reproducible. Specifically, we use public database LFW (Labeled Faces in the Wild) to train CNNs, unlike most existing CNNs trained on private databases. We propose three CNN architectures which are the first reported architectures trained using LFW data. This paper quantitatively compares the architectures of CNNs and evaluate the effect of different implementation choices. We identify several useful properties of CNN-FRS. For instance, the dimensionality of the learned features can be significantly reduced without adverse effect on face recognition accuracy. In addition, traditional metric learning method exploiting CNN-learned features is evaluated. Experiments show two crucial factors to good CNN-FRS performance are the fusion of multiple CNNs and metric learning. To make our work reproducible, source code and models will be made publicly available.	When Face Recognition Meets with Deep Learning: an Evaluation of   Convolutional Neural Networks for Face Recognition  Deep learning, in particular Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), has achieved promising results in face recognition recently. However, it remains an open question: why CNNs work well and how to design a 'good' architecture. The existing works tend to focus on reporting CNN architectures that work well for face recognition rather than investigate the reason. In this work, we conduct an extensive evaluation of CNN-based face recognition systems (CNN-FRS) on a common ground to make our work easily reproducible. Specifically, we use public database LFW (Labeled Faces in the Wild) to train CNNs, unlike most existing CNNs trained on private databases. We propose three CNN architectures which are the first reported architectures trained using LFW data. This paper quantitatively compares the architectures of CNNs and evaluate the effect of different implementation choices. We identify several useful properties of CNN-FRS. For instance, the dimensionality of the learned features can be significantly reduced without adverse effect on face recognition accuracy. In addition, traditional metric learning method exploiting CNN-learned features is evaluated. Experiments show two crucial factors to good CNN-FRS performance are the fusion of multiple CNNs and metric learning. To make our work reproducible, source code and models will be made publicly available.	296
What is the advantage of combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?	Convolutional Neural Knowledge Graph Learning  Previous models for learning entity and relationship embeddings of knowledge graphs such as TransE, TransH, and TransR aim to explore new links based on learned representations. However, these models interpret relationships as simple translations on entity embeddings. In this paper, we try to learn more complex connections between entities and relationships. In particular, we use a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to learn entity and relationship representations in knowledge graphs. In our model, we treat entities and relationships as one-dimensional numerical sequences with the same length. After that, we combine each triplet of head, relationship, and tail together as a matrix with height 3. CNN is applied to the triplets to get confidence scores. Positive and manually corrupted negative triplets are used to train the embeddings and the CNN model simultaneously. Experimental results on public benchmark datasets show that the proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art models on exploring unseen relationships, which proves that CNN is effective to learn complex interactive patterns between entities and relationships.	Convolutional Neural Knowledge Graph Learning  Previous models for learning entity and relationship embeddings of knowledge graphs such as TransE, TransH, and TransR aim to explore new links based on learned representations. However, these models interpret relationships as simple translations on entity embeddings. In this paper, we try to learn more complex connections between entities and relationships. In particular, we use a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to learn entity and relationship representations in knowledge graphs. In our model, we treat entities and relationships as one-dimensional numerical sequences with the same length. After that, we combine each triplet of head, relationship, and tail together as a matrix with height 3. CNN is applied to the triplets to get confidence scores. Positive and manually corrupted negative triplets are used to train the embeddings and the CNN model simultaneously. Experimental results on public benchmark datasets show that the proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art models on exploring unseen relationships, which proves that CNN is effective to learn complex interactive patterns between entities and relationships.	296
What is the advantage of combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?	Teaching Compositionality to CNNs  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown great success in computer vision, approaching human-level performance when trained for specific tasks via application-specific loss functions. In this paper, we propose a method for augmenting and training CNNs so that their learned features are compositional. It encourages networks to form representations that disentangle objects from their surroundings and from each other, thereby promoting better generalization. Our method is agnostic to the specific details of the underlying CNN to which it is applied and can in principle be used with any CNN. As we show in our experiments, the learned representations lead to feature activations that are more localized and improve performance over non-compositional baselines in object recognition tasks.	Teaching Compositionality to CNNs  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown great success in computer vision, approaching human-level performance when trained for specific tasks via application-specific loss functions. In this paper, we propose a method for augmenting and training CNNs so that their learned features are compositional. It encourages networks to form representations that disentangle objects from their surroundings and from each other, thereby promoting better generalization. Our method is agnostic to the specific details of the underlying CNN to which it is applied and can in principle be used with any CNN. As we show in our experiments, the learned representations lead to feature activations that are more localized and improve performance over non-compositional baselines in object recognition tasks.	301
What is the advantage of combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?	Grouped Convolutional Neural Networks for Multivariate Time Series  Analyzing multivariate time series data is important for many applications such as automated control, fault diagnosis and anomaly detection. One of the key challenges is to learn latent features automatically from dynamically changing multivariate input. In visual recognition tasks, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successful to learn generalized feature extractors with shared parameters over the spatial domain. However, when high-dimensional multivariate time series is given, designing an appropriate CNN model structure becomes challenging because the kernels may need to be extended through the full dimension of the input volume. To address this issue, we present two structure learning algorithms for deep CNN models. Our algorithms exploit the covariance structure over multiple time series to partition input volume into groups. The first algorithm learns the group CNN structures explicitly by clustering individual input sequences. The second algorithm learns the group CNN structures implicitly from the error backpropagation. In experiments with two real-world datasets, we demonstrate that our group CNNs outperform existing CNN based regression methods.	Grouped Convolutional Neural Networks for Multivariate Time Series  Analyzing multivariate time series data is important for many applications such as automated control, fault diagnosis and anomaly detection. One of the key challenges is to learn latent features automatically from dynamically changing multivariate input. In visual recognition tasks, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successful to learn generalized feature extractors with shared parameters over the spatial domain. However, when high-dimensional multivariate time series is given, designing an appropriate CNN model structure becomes challenging because the kernels may need to be extended through the full dimension of the input volume. To address this issue, we present two structure learning algorithms for deep CNN models. Our algorithms exploit the covariance structure over multiple time series to partition input volume into groups. The first algorithm learns the group CNN structures explicitly by clustering individual input sequences. The second algorithm learns the group CNN structures implicitly from the error backpropagation. In experiments with two real-world datasets, we demonstrate that our group CNNs outperform existing CNN based regression methods.	302
Which is better for text classification: CNN or RNN?	CNN Is All You Need  The Convolution Neural Network (CNN) has demonstrated the unique advantage in audio, image and text learning; recently it has also challenged Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) with long short-term memory cells (LSTM) in sequence-to-sequence learning, since the computations involved in CNN are easily parallelizable whereas those involved in RNN are mostly sequential, leading to a performance bottleneck. However, unlike RNN, the native CNN lacks the history sensitivity required for sequence transformation; therefore enhancing the sequential order awareness, or position-sensitivity, becomes the key to make CNN the general deep learning model. In this work we introduce an extended CNN model with strengthen position-sensitivity, called PoseNet. A notable feature of PoseNet is the asymmetric treatment of position information in the encoder and the decoder. Experiments shows that PoseNet allows us to improve the accuracy of CNN based sequence-to-sequence learning significantly, achieving around 33-36 BLEU scores on the WMT 2014 English-to-German translation task, and around 44-46 BLEU scores on the English-to-French translation task.	CNN Is All You Need  The Convolution Neural Network (CNN) has demonstrated the unique advantage in audio, image and text learning; recently it has also challenged Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) with long short-term memory cells (LSTM) in sequence-to-sequence learning, since the computations involved in CNN are easily parallelizable whereas those involved in RNN are mostly sequential, leading to a performance bottleneck. However, unlike RNN, the native CNN lacks the history sensitivity required for sequence transformation; therefore enhancing the sequential order awareness, or position-sensitivity, becomes the key to make CNN the general deep learning model. In this work we introduce an extended CNN model with strengthen position-sensitivity, called PoseNet. A notable feature of PoseNet is the asymmetric treatment of position information in the encoder and the decoder. Experiments shows that PoseNet allows us to improve the accuracy of CNN based sequence-to-sequence learning significantly, achieving around 33-36 BLEU scores on the WMT 2014 English-to-German translation task, and around 44-46 BLEU scores on the English-to-French translation task.	356
Which is better for text classification: CNN or RNN?	W-RNN: News text classification based on a Weighted RNN  Most of the information is stored as text, so text mining is regarded as having high commercial potential. Aiming at the semantic constraint problem of classification methods based on sparse representation, we propose a weighted recurrent neural network (W-RNN), which can fully extract text serialization semantic information. For the problem that the feature high dimensionality and unclear semantic relationship in text data representation, we first utilize the word vector to represent the vocabulary in the text and use Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) to extract features of the serialized text data. The word vector is then automatically weighted and summed using the intermediate output of the word vector to form the text representation vector. Finally, the neural network is used for classification. W-RNN is verified on the news dataset and proves that W-RNN is superior to other four baseline methods in Precision, Recall, F1 and loss values, which is suitable for text classification.	W-RNN: News text classification based on a Weighted RNN  Most of the information is stored as text, so text mining is regarded as having high commercial potential. Aiming at the semantic constraint problem of classification methods based on sparse representation, we propose a weighted recurrent neural network (W-RNN), which can fully extract text serialization semantic information. For the problem that the feature high dimensionality and unclear semantic relationship in text data representation, we first utilize the word vector to represent the vocabulary in the text and use Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) to extract features of the serialized text data. The word vector is then automatically weighted and summed using the intermediate output of the word vector to form the text representation vector. Finally, the neural network is used for classification. W-RNN is verified on the news dataset and proves that W-RNN is superior to other four baseline methods in Precision, Recall, F1 and loss values, which is suitable for text classification.	357
Which is better for text classification: CNN or RNN?	Interpretable CNNs for Object Classification  This paper proposes a generic method to learn interpretable convolutional filters in a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) for object classification, where each interpretable filter encodes features of a specific object part. Our method does not require additional annotations of object parts or textures for supervision. Instead, we use the same training data as traditional CNNs. Our method automatically assigns each interpretable filter in a high conv-layer with an object part of a certain category during the learning process. Such explicit knowledge representations in conv-layers of CNN help people clarify the logic encoded in the CNN, i.e., answering what patterns the CNN extracts from an input image and uses for prediction. We have tested our method using different benchmark CNNs with various structures to demonstrate the broad applicability of our method. Experiments have shown that our interpretable filters are much more semantically meaningful than traditional filters.	Interpretable CNNs for Object Classification  This paper proposes a generic method to learn interpretable convolutional filters in a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) for object classification, where each interpretable filter encodes features of a specific object part. Our method does not require additional annotations of object parts or textures for supervision. Instead, we use the same training data as traditional CNNs. Our method automatically assigns each interpretable filter in a high conv-layer with an object part of a certain category during the learning process. Such explicit knowledge representations in conv-layers of CNN help people clarify the logic encoded in the CNN, i.e., answering what patterns the CNN extracts from an input image and uses for prediction. We have tested our method using different benchmark CNNs with various structures to demonstrate the broad applicability of our method. Experiments have shown that our interpretable filters are much more semantically meaningful than traditional filters.	359
Which is better for text classification: CNN or RNN?	Classification of Brainwave Signals Based on Hybrid Deep Learning and an   Evolutionary Algorithm  Brainwave signals are read through Electroencephalogram (EEG) devices. These signals are generated from an active brain based on brain activities and thoughts. The classification of brainwave signals is a challenging task due to its non-stationary nature. To address the issue, this paper proposes a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model to classify brainwave signals. In order to evaluate the performance of the proposed model a dataset is developed by recording brainwave signals for two conditions, which are visible and invisible. In the visible mode, the human subjects focus on the color and shape presented. Meanwhile, in the invisible mode, the subjects think about specific colors or shapes with closed eyes. A comparison has been provided between the original CNN and the proposed CNN architecture on the same dataset. The results show that the proposed CNN model achieves higher classification accuracy as compared to the standard CNN. The best accuracy rate achieved when the proposed CNN is applied on the visible color mode is 92%. In the future, improvements on the proposed CNN will be able to classify raw EEG signals in an efficient way.	Classification of Brainwave Signals Based on Hybrid Deep Learning and an   Evolutionary Algorithm  Brainwave signals are read through Electroencephalogram (EEG) devices. These signals are generated from an active brain based on brain activities and thoughts. The classification of brainwave signals is a challenging task due to its non-stationary nature. To address the issue, this paper proposes a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model to classify brainwave signals. In order to evaluate the performance of the proposed model a dataset is developed by recording brainwave signals for two conditions, which are visible and invisible. In the visible mode, the human subjects focus on the color and shape presented. Meanwhile, in the invisible mode, the subjects think about specific colors or shapes with closed eyes. A comparison has been provided between the original CNN and the proposed CNN architecture on the same dataset. The results show that the proposed CNN model achieves higher classification accuracy as compared to the standard CNN. The best accuracy rate achieved when the proposed CNN is applied on the visible color mode is 92%. In the future, improvements on the proposed CNN will be able to classify raw EEG signals in an efficient way.	365
Which is better for text classification: CNN or RNN?	Teaching Compositionality to CNNs  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown great success in computer vision, approaching human-level performance when trained for specific tasks via application-specific loss functions. In this paper, we propose a method for augmenting and training CNNs so that their learned features are compositional. It encourages networks to form representations that disentangle objects from their surroundings and from each other, thereby promoting better generalization. Our method is agnostic to the specific details of the underlying CNN to which it is applied and can in principle be used with any CNN. As we show in our experiments, the learned representations lead to feature activations that are more localized and improve performance over non-compositional baselines in object recognition tasks.	Teaching Compositionality to CNNs  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown great success in computer vision, approaching human-level performance when trained for specific tasks via application-specific loss functions. In this paper, we propose a method for augmenting and training CNNs so that their learned features are compositional. It encourages networks to form representations that disentangle objects from their surroundings and from each other, thereby promoting better generalization. Our method is agnostic to the specific details of the underlying CNN to which it is applied and can in principle be used with any CNN. As we show in our experiments, the learned representations lead to feature activations that are more localized and improve performance over non-compositional baselines in object recognition tasks.	363
How are recurrent neural networks different from convolutional neural networks?	Predicting Electric Vehicle Charging Station Usage: Using Machine   Learning to Estimate Individual Station Statistics from Physical   Configurations of Charging Station Networks  Electric vehicles (EVs) have been gaining popularity due to their environmental friendliness and efficiency. EV charging station networks are scalable solutions for supporting increasing numbers of EVs within modern electric grid constraints, yet few tools exist to aid the physical configuration design of new networks. We use neural networks to predict individual charging station usage statistics from the station's physical location within a network. We have shown this quickly gives accurate estimates of average usage statistics given a proposed configuration, without the need for running many computationally expensive simulations. The trained neural network can help EV charging network designers rapidly test various placements of charging stations under additional individual constraints in order to find an optimal configuration given their design objectives.	Predicting Electric Vehicle Charging Station Usage: Using Machine   Learning to Estimate Individual Station Statistics from Physical   Configurations of Charging Station Networks  Electric vehicles (EVs) have been gaining popularity due to their environmental friendliness and efficiency. EV charging station networks are scalable solutions for supporting increasing numbers of EVs within modern electric grid constraints, yet few tools exist to aid the physical configuration design of new networks. We use neural networks to predict individual charging station usage statistics from the station's physical location within a network. We have shown this quickly gives accurate estimates of average usage statistics given a proposed configuration, without the need for running many computationally expensive simulations. The trained neural network can help EV charging network designers rapidly test various placements of charging stations under additional individual constraints in order to find an optimal configuration given their design objectives.	314
How are recurrent neural networks different from convolutional neural networks?	Learning Compact Convolutional Neural Networks with Nested Dropout  Recently, nested dropout was proposed as a method for ordering representation units in autoencoders by their information content, without diminishing reconstruction cost. However, it has only been applied to training fully-connected autoencoders in an unsupervised setting. We explore the impact of nested dropout on the convolutional layers in a CNN trained by backpropagation, investigating whether nested dropout can provide a simple and systematic way to determine the optimal representation size with respect to the desired accuracy and desired task and data complexity.	Learning Compact Convolutional Neural Networks with Nested Dropout  Recently, nested dropout was proposed as a method for ordering representation units in autoencoders by their information content, without diminishing reconstruction cost. However, it has only been applied to training fully-connected autoencoders in an unsupervised setting. We explore the impact of nested dropout on the convolutional layers in a CNN trained by backpropagation, investigating whether nested dropout can provide a simple and systematic way to determine the optimal representation size with respect to the desired accuracy and desired task and data complexity.	306
How are recurrent neural networks different from convolutional neural networks?	Deep Sequential Neural Network  Neural Networks sequentially build high-level features through their successive layers. We propose here a new neural network model where each layer is associated with a set of candidate mappings. When an input is processed, at each layer, one mapping among these candidates is selected according to a sequential decision process. The resulting model is structured according to a DAG like architecture, so that a path from the root to a leaf node defines a sequence of transformations. Instead of considering global transformations, like in classical multilayer networks, this model allows us for learning a set of local transformations. It is thus able to process data with different characteristics through specific sequences of such local transformations, increasing the expression power of this model w.r.t a classical multilayered network. The learning algorithm is inspired from policy gradient techniques coming from the reinforcement learning domain and is used here instead of the classical back-propagation based gradient descent techniques. Experiments on different datasets show the relevance of this approach.	Deep Sequential Neural Network  Neural Networks sequentially build high-level features through their successive layers. We propose here a new neural network model where each layer is associated with a set of candidate mappings. When an input is processed, at each layer, one mapping among these candidates is selected according to a sequential decision process. The resulting model is structured according to a DAG like architecture, so that a path from the root to a leaf node defines a sequence of transformations. Instead of considering global transformations, like in classical multilayer networks, this model allows us for learning a set of local transformations. It is thus able to process data with different characteristics through specific sequences of such local transformations, increasing the expression power of this model w.r.t a classical multilayered network. The learning algorithm is inspired from policy gradient techniques coming from the reinforcement learning domain and is used here instead of the classical back-propagation based gradient descent techniques. Experiments on different datasets show the relevance of this approach.	314
How are recurrent neural networks different from convolutional neural networks?	Neural Nets via Forward State Transformation and Backward Loss   Transformation  This article studies (multilayer perceptron) neural networks with an emphasis on the transformations involved --- both forward and backward --- in order to develop a semantical/logical perspective that is in line with standard program semantics. The common two-pass neural network training algorithms make this viewpoint particularly fitting. In the forward direction, neural networks act as state transformers. In the reverse direction, however, neural networks change losses of outputs to losses of inputs, thereby acting like a (real-valued) predicate transformer. In this way, backpropagation is functorial by construction, as shown earlier in recent other work. We illustrate this perspective by training a simple instance of a neural network.	Neural Nets via Forward State Transformation and Backward Loss   Transformation  This article studies (multilayer perceptron) neural networks with an emphasis on the transformations involved --- both forward and backward --- in order to develop a semantical/logical perspective that is in line with standard program semantics. The common two-pass neural network training algorithms make this viewpoint particularly fitting. In the forward direction, neural networks act as state transformers. In the reverse direction, however, neural networks change losses of outputs to losses of inputs, thereby acting like a (real-valued) predicate transformer. In this way, backpropagation is functorial by construction, as shown earlier in recent other work. We illustrate this perspective by training a simple instance of a neural network.	288
How are recurrent neural networks different from convolutional neural networks?	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time. In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency. Our proposed models are referred to as the Runge-Kutta Convolutional Neural Networks (RKCNNs). The RKCNNs are evaluated on multiple benchmark datasets. The experimental results show that RKCNNs are vastly superior to other dynamical system network models: they achieve higher accuracy with much fewer resources. They also expand the family of network models based on numerical methods for dynamical systems.	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time. In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency. Our proposed models are referred to as the Runge-Kutta Convolutional Neural Networks (RKCNNs). The RKCNNs are evaluated on multiple benchmark datasets. The experimental results show that RKCNNs are vastly superior to other dynamical system network models: they achieve higher accuracy with much fewer resources. They also expand the family of network models based on numerical methods for dynamical systems.	300
As a beginner in Natural Language processing, from where should I start?	BERT has a Mouth, and It Must Speak: BERT as a Markov Random Field   Language Model  We show that BERT (Devlin et al., 2018) is a Markov random field language model. This formulation gives way to a natural procedure to sample sentences from BERT. We generate from BERT and find that it can produce high-quality, fluent generations. Compared to the generations of a traditional left-to-right language model, BERT generates sentences that are more diverse but of slightly worse quality.	BERT has a Mouth, and It Must Speak: BERT as a Markov Random Field   Language Model  We show that BERT (Devlin et al., 2018) is a Markov random field language model. This formulation gives way to a natural procedure to sample sentences from BERT. We generate from BERT and find that it can produce high-quality, fluent generations. Compared to the generations of a traditional left-to-right language model, BERT generates sentences that are more diverse but of slightly worse quality.	400
As a beginner in Natural Language processing, from where should I start?	Towards a Metric for Automated Conversational Dialogue System Evaluation   and Improvement  We present "AutoJudge", an automated evaluation method for conversational dialogue systems. The method works by first generating dialogues based on self-talk, i.e. dialogue systems talking to itself. Then, it uses human ratings on these dialogues to train an automated judgement model. Our experiments show that AutoJudge correlates well with the human ratings and can be used to automatically evaluate dialogue systems, even in deployed systems. In a second part, we attempt to apply AutoJudge to improve existing systems. This works well for re-ranking a set of candidate utterances. However, our experiments show that AutoJudge cannot be applied as reward for reinforcement learning, although the metric can distinguish good from bad dialogues. We discuss potential reasons, but state here already that this is still an open question for further research.	Towards a Metric for Automated Conversational Dialogue System Evaluation   and Improvement  We present "AutoJudge", an automated evaluation method for conversational dialogue systems. The method works by first generating dialogues based on self-talk, i.e. dialogue systems talking to itself. Then, it uses human ratings on these dialogues to train an automated judgement model. Our experiments show that AutoJudge correlates well with the human ratings and can be used to automatically evaluate dialogue systems, even in deployed systems. In a second part, we attempt to apply AutoJudge to improve existing systems. This works well for re-ranking a set of candidate utterances. However, our experiments show that AutoJudge cannot be applied as reward for reinforcement learning, although the metric can distinguish good from bad dialogues. We discuss potential reasons, but state here already that this is still an open question for further research.	425
As a beginner in Natural Language processing, from where should I start?	Learning and Evaluating Contextual Embedding of Source Code  Recent research has achieved impressive results on understanding and improving source code by building up on machine-learning techniques developed for natural languages. A significant advancement in natural-language understanding has come with the development of pre-trained contextual embeddings, such as BERT, which can be fine-tuned for downstream tasks with less labeled data and training budget, while achieving better accuracies. However, there is no attempt yet to obtain a high-quality contextual embedding of source code, and to evaluate it on multiple program-understanding tasks simultaneously; that is the gap that this paper aims to mitigate. Specifically, first, we curate a massive, deduplicated corpus of 7.4M Python files from GitHub, which we use to pre-train CuBERT, an open-sourced code-understanding BERT model; and, second, we create an open-sourced benchmark that comprises five classification tasks and one program-repair task, akin to code-understanding tasks proposed in the literature before. We fine-tune CuBERT on our benchmark tasks, and compare the resulting models to different variants of Word2Vec token embeddings, BiLSTM and Transformer models, as well as published state-of-the-art models, showing that CuBERT outperforms them all, even with shorter training, and with fewer labeled examples. Future work on source-code embedding can benefit from reusing our benchmark, and from comparing against CuBERT models as a strong baseline.	Learning and Evaluating Contextual Embedding of Source Code  Recent research has achieved impressive results on understanding and improving source code by building up on machine-learning techniques developed for natural languages. A significant advancement in natural-language understanding has come with the development of pre-trained contextual embeddings, such as BERT, which can be fine-tuned for downstream tasks with less labeled data and training budget, while achieving better accuracies. However, there is no attempt yet to obtain a high-quality contextual embedding of source code, and to evaluate it on multiple program-understanding tasks simultaneously; that is the gap that this paper aims to mitigate. Specifically, first, we curate a massive, deduplicated corpus of 7.4M Python files from GitHub, which we use to pre-train CuBERT, an open-sourced code-understanding BERT model; and, second, we create an open-sourced benchmark that comprises five classification tasks and one program-repair task, akin to code-understanding tasks proposed in the literature before. We fine-tune CuBERT on our benchmark tasks, and compare the resulting models to different variants of Word2Vec token embeddings, BiLSTM and Transformer models, as well as published state-of-the-art models, showing that CuBERT outperforms them all, even with shorter training, and with fewer labeled examples. Future work on source-code embedding can benefit from reusing our benchmark, and from comparing against CuBERT models as a strong baseline.	430
As a beginner in Natural Language processing, from where should I start?	Pre-Training with Whole Word Masking for Chinese BERT  Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) has shown marvelous improvements across various NLP tasks, and its consecutive variants have been proposed to further improve the performance of the pre-trained language models. In this paper, we aim to first introduce the whole word masking (wwm) strategy for Chinese BERT, along with a series of Chinese pre-trained language models. Then we also propose a simple but effective model called MacBERT, which improves upon RoBERTa in several ways. Especially, we propose a new masking strategy called MLM as correction (Mac). To demonstrate the effectiveness of these models, we create a series of Chinese pre-trained language models as our baselines, including BERT, RoBERTa, ELECTRA, RBT, etc. We carried out extensive experiments on ten Chinese NLP tasks to evaluate the created Chinese pre-trained language models as well as the proposed MacBERT. Experimental results show that MacBERT could achieve state-of-the-art performances on many NLP tasks, and we also ablate details with several findings that may help future research. We open-source our pre-trained language models for further facilitating our research community. Resources are available: https://github.com/ymcui/Chinese-BERT-wwm	Pre-Training with Whole Word Masking for Chinese BERT  Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) has shown marvelous improvements across various NLP tasks, and its consecutive variants have been proposed to further improve the performance of the pre-trained language models. In this paper, we aim to first introduce the whole word masking (wwm) strategy for Chinese BERT, along with a series of Chinese pre-trained language models. Then we also propose a simple but effective model called MacBERT, which improves upon RoBERTa in several ways. Especially, we propose a new masking strategy called MLM as correction (Mac). To demonstrate the effectiveness of these models, we create a series of Chinese pre-trained language models as our baselines, including BERT, RoBERTa, ELECTRA, RBT, etc. We carried out extensive experiments on ten Chinese NLP tasks to evaluate the created Chinese pre-trained language models as well as the proposed MacBERT. Experimental results show that MacBERT could achieve state-of-the-art performances on many NLP tasks, and we also ablate details with several findings that may help future research. We open-source our pre-trained language models for further facilitating our research community. Resources are available: https://github.com/ymcui/Chinese-BERT-wwm	435
As a beginner in Natural Language processing, from where should I start?	Distilling Knowledge Learned in BERT for Text Generation  Large-scale pre-trained language model such as BERT has achieved great success in language understanding tasks. However, it remains an open question how to utilize BERT for language generation. In this paper, we present a novel approach, Conditional Masked Language Modeling (C-MLM), to enable the finetuning of BERT on target generation tasks. The finetuned BERT (teacher) is exploited as extra supervision to improve conventional Seq2Seq models (student) for better text generation performance. By leveraging BERT's idiosyncratic bidirectional nature, distilling knowledge learned in BERT can encourage auto-regressive Seq2Seq models to plan ahead, imposing global sequence-level supervision for coherent text generation. Experiments show that the proposed approach significantly outperforms strong Transformer baselines on multiple language generation tasks such as machine translation and text summarization. Our proposed model also achieves new state of the art on IWSLT German-English and English-Vietnamese MT datasets. Code is available at https://github.com/ChenRocks/Distill-BERT-Textgen.	Distilling Knowledge Learned in BERT for Text Generation  Large-scale pre-trained language model such as BERT has achieved great success in language understanding tasks. However, it remains an open question how to utilize BERT for language generation. In this paper, we present a novel approach, Conditional Masked Language Modeling (C-MLM), to enable the finetuning of BERT on target generation tasks. The finetuned BERT (teacher) is exploited as extra supervision to improve conventional Seq2Seq models (student) for better text generation performance. By leveraging BERT's idiosyncratic bidirectional nature, distilling knowledge learned in BERT can encourage auto-regressive Seq2Seq models to plan ahead, imposing global sequence-level supervision for coherent text generation. Experiments show that the proposed approach significantly outperforms strong Transformer baselines on multiple language generation tasks such as machine translation and text summarization. Our proposed model also achieves new state of the art on IWSLT German-English and English-Vietnamese MT datasets. Code is available at https://github.com/ChenRocks/Distill-BERT-Textgen.	417
What is the relation between sentiment analysis, natural language processing and machine learning?	A Survey of Machine Learning for Big Code and Naturalness  Research at the intersection of machine learning, programming languages, and software engineering has recently taken important steps in proposing learnable probabilistic models of source code that exploit code's abundance of patterns. In this article, we survey this work. We contrast programming languages against natural languages and discuss how these similarities and differences drive the design of probabilistic models. We present a taxonomy based on the underlying design principles of each model and use it to navigate the literature. Then, we review how researchers have adapted these models to application areas and discuss cross-cutting and application-specific challenges and opportunities.	A Survey of Machine Learning for Big Code and Naturalness  Research at the intersection of machine learning, programming languages, and software engineering has recently taken important steps in proposing learnable probabilistic models of source code that exploit code's abundance of patterns. In this article, we survey this work. We contrast programming languages against natural languages and discuss how these similarities and differences drive the design of probabilistic models. We present a taxonomy based on the underlying design principles of each model and use it to navigate the literature. Then, we review how researchers have adapted these models to application areas and discuss cross-cutting and application-specific challenges and opportunities.	283
What is the relation between sentiment analysis, natural language processing and machine learning?	Position Paper: Towards Transparent Machine Learning  Transparent machine learning is introduced as an alternative form of machine learning, where both the model and the learning system are represented in source code form. The goal of this project is to enable direct human understanding of machine learning models, giving us the ability to learn, verify, and refine them as programs. If solved, this technology could represent a best-case scenario for the safety and security of AI systems going forward.	Position Paper: Towards Transparent Machine Learning  Transparent machine learning is introduced as an alternative form of machine learning, where both the model and the learning system are represented in source code form. The goal of this project is to enable direct human understanding of machine learning models, giving us the ability to learn, verify, and refine them as programs. If solved, this technology could represent a best-case scenario for the safety and security of AI systems going forward.	288
What is the relation between sentiment analysis, natural language processing and machine learning?	Computational and Robotic Models of Early Language Development: A Review  We review computational and robotics models of early language learning and development. We first explain why and how these models are used to understand better how children learn language. We argue that they provide concrete theories of language learning as a complex dynamic system, complementing traditional methods in psychology and linguistics. We review different modeling formalisms, grounded in techniques from machine learning and artificial intelligence such as Bayesian and neural network approaches. We then discuss their role in understanding several key mechanisms of language development: cross-situational statistical learning, embodiment, situated social interaction, intrinsically motivated learning, and cultural evolution. We conclude by discussing future challenges for research, including modeling of large-scale empirical data about language acquisition in real-world environments.   Keywords: Early language learning, Computational and robotic models, machine learning, development, embodiment, social interaction, intrinsic motivation, self-organization, dynamical systems, complexity.	Computational and Robotic Models of Early Language Development: A Review  We review computational and robotics models of early language learning and development. We first explain why and how these models are used to understand better how children learn language. We argue that they provide concrete theories of language learning as a complex dynamic system, complementing traditional methods in psychology and linguistics. We review different modeling formalisms, grounded in techniques from machine learning and artificial intelligence such as Bayesian and neural network approaches. We then discuss their role in understanding several key mechanisms of language development: cross-situational statistical learning, embodiment, situated social interaction, intrinsically motivated learning, and cultural evolution. We conclude by discussing future challenges for research, including modeling of large-scale empirical data about language acquisition in real-world environments.   Keywords: Early language learning, Computational and robotic models, machine learning, development, embodiment, social interaction, intrinsic motivation, self-organization, dynamical systems, complexity.	288
What is the relation between sentiment analysis, natural language processing and machine learning?	Fine-grained Sentiment Classification using BERT  Sentiment classification is an important process in understanding people's perception towards a product, service, or topic. Many natural language processing models have been proposed to solve the sentiment classification problem. However, most of them have focused on binary sentiment classification. In this paper, we use a promising deep learning model called BERT to solve the fine-grained sentiment classification task. Experiments show that our model outperforms other popular models for this task without sophisticated architecture. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of transfer learning in natural language processing in the process.	Fine-grained Sentiment Classification using BERT  Sentiment classification is an important process in understanding people's perception towards a product, service, or topic. Many natural language processing models have been proposed to solve the sentiment classification problem. However, most of them have focused on binary sentiment classification. In this paper, we use a promising deep learning model called BERT to solve the fine-grained sentiment classification task. Experiments show that our model outperforms other popular models for this task without sophisticated architecture. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of transfer learning in natural language processing in the process.	302
What is the relation between sentiment analysis, natural language processing and machine learning?	Machine Learning for Combinatorial Optimization: a Methodological Tour   d'Horizon  This paper surveys the recent attempts, both from the machine learning and operations research communities, at leveraging machine learning to solve combinatorial optimization problems. Given the hard nature of these problems, state-of-the-art algorithms rely on handcrafted heuristics for making decisions that are otherwise too expensive to compute or mathematically not well defined. Thus, machine learning looks like a natural candidate to make such decisions in a more principled and optimized way. We advocate for pushing further the integration of machine learning and combinatorial optimization and detail a methodology to do so. A main point of the paper is seeing generic optimization problems as data points and inquiring what is the relevant distribution of problems to use for learning on a given task.	Machine Learning for Combinatorial Optimization: a Methodological Tour   d'Horizon  This paper surveys the recent attempts, both from the machine learning and operations research communities, at leveraging machine learning to solve combinatorial optimization problems. Given the hard nature of these problems, state-of-the-art algorithms rely on handcrafted heuristics for making decisions that are otherwise too expensive to compute or mathematically not well defined. Thus, machine learning looks like a natural candidate to make such decisions in a more principled and optimized way. We advocate for pushing further the integration of machine learning and combinatorial optimization and detail a methodology to do so. A main point of the paper is seeing generic optimization problems as data points and inquiring what is the relevant distribution of problems to use for learning on a given task.	301
What is the current state of the art in natural language processing?	A Visual Distance for WordNet  Measuring the distance between concepts is an important field of study of Natural Language Processing, as it can be used to improve tasks related to the interpretation of those same concepts. WordNet, which includes a wide variety of concepts associated with words (i.e., synsets), is often used as a source for computing those distances. In this paper, we explore a distance for WordNet synsets based on visual features, instead of lexical ones. For this purpose, we extract the graphic features generated within a deep convolutional neural networks trained with ImageNet and use those features to generate a representative of each synset. Based on those representatives, we define a distance measure of synsets, which complements the traditional lexical distances. Finally, we propose some experiments to evaluate its performance and compare it with the current state-of-the-art.	A Visual Distance for WordNet  Measuring the distance between concepts is an important field of study of Natural Language Processing, as it can be used to improve tasks related to the interpretation of those same concepts. WordNet, which includes a wide variety of concepts associated with words (i.e., synsets), is often used as a source for computing those distances. In this paper, we explore a distance for WordNet synsets based on visual features, instead of lexical ones. For this purpose, we extract the graphic features generated within a deep convolutional neural networks trained with ImageNet and use those features to generate a representative of each synset. Based on those representatives, we define a distance measure of synsets, which complements the traditional lexical distances. Finally, we propose some experiments to evaluate its performance and compare it with the current state-of-the-art.	441
What is the current state of the art in natural language processing?	Sensory Optimization: Neural Networks as a Model for Understanding and   Creating Art  This article is about the cognitive science of visual art. Artists create physical artifacts (such as sculptures or paintings) which depict people, objects, and events. These depictions are usually stylized rather than photo-realistic. How is it that humans are able to understand and create stylized representations? Does this ability depend on general cognitive capacities or an evolutionary adaptation for art? What role is played by learning and culture?   Machine Learning can shed light on these questions. It's possible to train convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to recognize objects without training them on any visual art. If such CNNs can generalize to visual art (by creating and understanding stylized representations), then CNNs provide a model for how humans could understand art without innate adaptations or cultural learning. I argue that Deep Dream and Style Transfer show that CNNs can create a basic form of visual art, and that humans could create art by similar processes. This suggests that artists make art by optimizing for effects on the human object-recognition system. Physical artifacts are optimized to evoke real-world objects for this system (e.g. to evoke people or landscapes) and to serve as superstimuli for this system.	Sensory Optimization: Neural Networks as a Model for Understanding and   Creating Art  This article is about the cognitive science of visual art. Artists create physical artifacts (such as sculptures or paintings) which depict people, objects, and events. These depictions are usually stylized rather than photo-realistic. How is it that humans are able to understand and create stylized representations? Does this ability depend on general cognitive capacities or an evolutionary adaptation for art? What role is played by learning and culture?   Machine Learning can shed light on these questions. It's possible to train convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to recognize objects without training them on any visual art. If such CNNs can generalize to visual art (by creating and understanding stylized representations), then CNNs provide a model for how humans could understand art without innate adaptations or cultural learning. I argue that Deep Dream and Style Transfer show that CNNs can create a basic form of visual art, and that humans could create art by similar processes. This suggests that artists make art by optimizing for effects on the human object-recognition system. Physical artifacts are optimized to evoke real-world objects for this system (e.g. to evoke people or landscapes) and to serve as superstimuli for this system.	445
What is the current state of the art in natural language processing?	Semantic bottleneck for computer vision tasks  This paper introduces a novel method for the representation of images that is semantic by nature, addressing the question of computation intelligibility in computer vision tasks. More specifically, our proposition is to introduce what we call a semantic bottleneck in the processing pipeline, which is a crossing point in which the representation of the image is entirely expressed with natural language , while retaining the efficiency of numerical representations. We show that our approach is able to generate semantic representations that give state-of-the-art results on semantic content-based image retrieval and also perform very well on image classification tasks. Intelligibility is evaluated through user centered experiments for failure detection.	Semantic bottleneck for computer vision tasks  This paper introduces a novel method for the representation of images that is semantic by nature, addressing the question of computation intelligibility in computer vision tasks. More specifically, our proposition is to introduce what we call a semantic bottleneck in the processing pipeline, which is a crossing point in which the representation of the image is entirely expressed with natural language , while retaining the efficiency of numerical representations. We show that our approach is able to generate semantic representations that give state-of-the-art results on semantic content-based image retrieval and also perform very well on image classification tasks. Intelligibility is evaluated through user centered experiments for failure detection.	439
What is the current state of the art in natural language processing?	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	435
What is the current state of the art in natural language processing?	Unsupervised Neural Word Segmentation for Chinese via Segmental Language   Modeling  Previous traditional approaches to unsupervised Chinese word segmentation (CWS) can be roughly classified into discriminative and generative models. The former uses the carefully designed goodness measures for candidate segmentation, while the latter focuses on finding the optimal segmentation of the highest generative probability. However, while there exists a trivial way to extend the discriminative models into neural version by using neural language models, those of generative ones are non-trivial. In this paper, we propose the segmental language models (SLMs) for CWS. Our approach explicitly focuses on the segmental nature of Chinese, as well as preserves several properties of language models. In SLMs, a context encoder encodes the previous context and a segment decoder generates each segment incrementally. As far as we know, we are the first to propose a neural model for unsupervised CWS and achieve competitive performance to the state-of-the-art statistical models on four different datasets from SIGHAN 2005 bakeoff.	Unsupervised Neural Word Segmentation for Chinese via Segmental Language   Modeling  Previous traditional approaches to unsupervised Chinese word segmentation (CWS) can be roughly classified into discriminative and generative models. The former uses the carefully designed goodness measures for candidate segmentation, while the latter focuses on finding the optimal segmentation of the highest generative probability. However, while there exists a trivial way to extend the discriminative models into neural version by using neural language models, those of generative ones are non-trivial. In this paper, we propose the segmental language models (SLMs) for CWS. Our approach explicitly focuses on the segmental nature of Chinese, as well as preserves several properties of language models. In SLMs, a context encoder encodes the previous context and a segment decoder generates each segment incrementally. As far as we know, we are the first to propose a neural model for unsupervised CWS and achieve competitive performance to the state-of-the-art statistical models on four different datasets from SIGHAN 2005 bakeoff.	434
What is the state of the art in natural language understanding?	A Visual Distance for WordNet  Measuring the distance between concepts is an important field of study of Natural Language Processing, as it can be used to improve tasks related to the interpretation of those same concepts. WordNet, which includes a wide variety of concepts associated with words (i.e., synsets), is often used as a source for computing those distances. In this paper, we explore a distance for WordNet synsets based on visual features, instead of lexical ones. For this purpose, we extract the graphic features generated within a deep convolutional neural networks trained with ImageNet and use those features to generate a representative of each synset. Based on those representatives, we define a distance measure of synsets, which complements the traditional lexical distances. Finally, we propose some experiments to evaluate its performance and compare it with the current state-of-the-art.	A Visual Distance for WordNet  Measuring the distance between concepts is an important field of study of Natural Language Processing, as it can be used to improve tasks related to the interpretation of those same concepts. WordNet, which includes a wide variety of concepts associated with words (i.e., synsets), is often used as a source for computing those distances. In this paper, we explore a distance for WordNet synsets based on visual features, instead of lexical ones. For this purpose, we extract the graphic features generated within a deep convolutional neural networks trained with ImageNet and use those features to generate a representative of each synset. Based on those representatives, we define a distance measure of synsets, which complements the traditional lexical distances. Finally, we propose some experiments to evaluate its performance and compare it with the current state-of-the-art.	426
What is the state of the art in natural language understanding?	A Review on the Application of Natural Computing in Environmental   Informatics  Natural computing offers new opportunities to understand, model and analyze the complexity of the physical and human-created environment. This paper examines the application of natural computing in environmental informatics, by investigating related work in this research field. Various nature-inspired techniques are presented, which have been employed to solve different relevant problems. Advantages and disadvantages of these techniques are discussed, together with analysis of how natural computing is generally used in environmental research.	A Review on the Application of Natural Computing in Environmental   Informatics  Natural computing offers new opportunities to understand, model and analyze the complexity of the physical and human-created environment. This paper examines the application of natural computing in environmental informatics, by investigating related work in this research field. Various nature-inspired techniques are presented, which have been employed to solve different relevant problems. Advantages and disadvantages of these techniques are discussed, together with analysis of how natural computing is generally used in environmental research.	454
What is the state of the art in natural language understanding?	Semantic bottleneck for computer vision tasks  This paper introduces a novel method for the representation of images that is semantic by nature, addressing the question of computation intelligibility in computer vision tasks. More specifically, our proposition is to introduce what we call a semantic bottleneck in the processing pipeline, which is a crossing point in which the representation of the image is entirely expressed with natural language , while retaining the efficiency of numerical representations. We show that our approach is able to generate semantic representations that give state-of-the-art results on semantic content-based image retrieval and also perform very well on image classification tasks. Intelligibility is evaluated through user centered experiments for failure detection.	Semantic bottleneck for computer vision tasks  This paper introduces a novel method for the representation of images that is semantic by nature, addressing the question of computation intelligibility in computer vision tasks. More specifically, our proposition is to introduce what we call a semantic bottleneck in the processing pipeline, which is a crossing point in which the representation of the image is entirely expressed with natural language , while retaining the efficiency of numerical representations. We show that our approach is able to generate semantic representations that give state-of-the-art results on semantic content-based image retrieval and also perform very well on image classification tasks. Intelligibility is evaluated through user centered experiments for failure detection.	437
What is the state of the art in natural language understanding?	Challenges and Prospects in Vision and Language Research  Language grounded image understanding tasks have often been proposed as a method for evaluating progress in artificial intelligence. Ideally, these tasks should test a plethora of capabilities that integrate computer vision, reasoning, and natural language understanding. However, rather than behaving as visual Turing tests, recent studies have demonstrated state-of-the-art systems are achieving good performance through flaws in datasets and evaluation procedures. We review the current state of affairs and outline a path forward.	Challenges and Prospects in Vision and Language Research  Language grounded image understanding tasks have often been proposed as a method for evaluating progress in artificial intelligence. Ideally, these tasks should test a plethora of capabilities that integrate computer vision, reasoning, and natural language understanding. However, rather than behaving as visual Turing tests, recent studies have demonstrated state-of-the-art systems are achieving good performance through flaws in datasets and evaluation procedures. We review the current state of affairs and outline a path forward.	451
What is the state of the art in natural language understanding?	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	433
Which publications would you recommend reading for someone interested in natural language processing?	Representation Mixing for TTS Synthesis  Recent character and phoneme-based parametric TTS systems using deep learning have shown strong performance in natural speech generation. However, the choice between character or phoneme input can create serious limitations for practical deployment, as direct control of pronunciation is crucial in certain cases. We demonstrate a simple method for combining multiple types of linguistic information in a single encoder, named representation mixing, enabling flexible choice between character, phoneme, or mixed representations during inference. Experiments and user studies on a public audiobook corpus show the efficacy of our approach.	Representation Mixing for TTS Synthesis  Recent character and phoneme-based parametric TTS systems using deep learning have shown strong performance in natural speech generation. However, the choice between character or phoneme input can create serious limitations for practical deployment, as direct control of pronunciation is crucial in certain cases. We demonstrate a simple method for combining multiple types of linguistic information in a single encoder, named representation mixing, enabling flexible choice between character, phoneme, or mixed representations during inference. Experiments and user studies on a public audiobook corpus show the efficacy of our approach.	353
Which publications would you recommend reading for someone interested in natural language processing?	Event Representations for Automated Story Generation with Deep Neural   Nets  Automated story generation is the problem of automatically selecting a sequence of events, actions, or words that can be told as a story. We seek to develop a system that can generate stories by learning everything it needs to know from textual story corpora. To date, recurrent neural networks that learn language models at character, word, or sentence levels have had little success generating coherent stories. We explore the question of event representations that provide a mid-level of abstraction between words and sentences in order to retain the semantic information of the original data while minimizing event sparsity. We present a technique for preprocessing textual story data into event sequences. We then present a technique for automated story generation whereby we decompose the problem into the generation of successive events (event2event) and the generation of natural language sentences from events (event2sentence). We give empirical results comparing different event representations and their effects on event successor generation and the translation of events to natural language.	Event Representations for Automated Story Generation with Deep Neural   Nets  Automated story generation is the problem of automatically selecting a sequence of events, actions, or words that can be told as a story. We seek to develop a system that can generate stories by learning everything it needs to know from textual story corpora. To date, recurrent neural networks that learn language models at character, word, or sentence levels have had little success generating coherent stories. We explore the question of event representations that provide a mid-level of abstraction between words and sentences in order to retain the semantic information of the original data while minimizing event sparsity. We present a technique for preprocessing textual story data into event sequences. We then present a technique for automated story generation whereby we decompose the problem into the generation of successive events (event2event) and the generation of natural language sentences from events (event2sentence). We give empirical results comparing different event representations and their effects on event successor generation and the translation of events to natural language.	339
Which publications would you recommend reading for someone interested in natural language processing?	FrameNet CNL: a Knowledge Representation and Information Extraction   Language  The paper presents a FrameNet-based information extraction and knowledge representation framework, called FrameNet-CNL. The framework is used on natural language documents and represents the extracted knowledge in a tailor-made Frame-ontology from which unambiguous FrameNet-CNL paraphrase text can be generated automatically in multiple languages. This approach brings together the fields of information extraction and CNL, because a source text can be considered belonging to FrameNet-CNL, if information extraction parser produces the correct knowledge representation as a result. We describe a state-of-the-art information extraction parser used by a national news agency and speculate that FrameNet-CNL eventually could shape the natural language subset used for writing the newswire articles.	FrameNet CNL: a Knowledge Representation and Information Extraction   Language  The paper presents a FrameNet-based information extraction and knowledge representation framework, called FrameNet-CNL. The framework is used on natural language documents and represents the extracted knowledge in a tailor-made Frame-ontology from which unambiguous FrameNet-CNL paraphrase text can be generated automatically in multiple languages. This approach brings together the fields of information extraction and CNL, because a source text can be considered belonging to FrameNet-CNL, if information extraction parser produces the correct knowledge representation as a result. We describe a state-of-the-art information extraction parser used by a national news agency and speculate that FrameNet-CNL eventually could shape the natural language subset used for writing the newswire articles.	334
Which publications would you recommend reading for someone interested in natural language processing?	A Survey of Code-switched Speech and Language Processing  Code-switching, the alternation of languages within a conversation or utterance, is a common communicative phenomenon that occurs in multilingual communities across the world. This survey reviews computational approaches for code-switched Speech and Natural Language Processing. We motivate why processing code-switched text and speech is essential for building intelligent agents and systems that interact with users in multilingual communities. As code-switching data and resources are scarce, we list what is available in various code-switched language pairs with the language processing tasks they can be used for. We review code-switching research in various Speech and NLP applications, including language processing tools and end-to-end systems. We conclude with future directions and open problems in the field.	A Survey of Code-switched Speech and Language Processing  Code-switching, the alternation of languages within a conversation or utterance, is a common communicative phenomenon that occurs in multilingual communities across the world. This survey reviews computational approaches for code-switched Speech and Natural Language Processing. We motivate why processing code-switched text and speech is essential for building intelligent agents and systems that interact with users in multilingual communities. As code-switching data and resources are scarce, we list what is available in various code-switched language pairs with the language processing tasks they can be used for. We review code-switching research in various Speech and NLP applications, including language processing tools and end-to-end systems. We conclude with future directions and open problems in the field.	361
Which publications would you recommend reading for someone interested in natural language processing?	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	325
What are the basics of natural language processing?	A Survey of Machine Learning for Big Code and Naturalness  Research at the intersection of machine learning, programming languages, and software engineering has recently taken important steps in proposing learnable probabilistic models of source code that exploit code's abundance of patterns. In this article, we survey this work. We contrast programming languages against natural languages and discuss how these similarities and differences drive the design of probabilistic models. We present a taxonomy based on the underlying design principles of each model and use it to navigate the literature. Then, we review how researchers have adapted these models to application areas and discuss cross-cutting and application-specific challenges and opportunities.	A Survey of Machine Learning for Big Code and Naturalness  Research at the intersection of machine learning, programming languages, and software engineering has recently taken important steps in proposing learnable probabilistic models of source code that exploit code's abundance of patterns. In this article, we survey this work. We contrast programming languages against natural languages and discuss how these similarities and differences drive the design of probabilistic models. We present a taxonomy based on the underlying design principles of each model and use it to navigate the literature. Then, we review how researchers have adapted these models to application areas and discuss cross-cutting and application-specific challenges and opportunities.	460
What are the basics of natural language processing?	Naturalizing a Programming Language via Interactive Learning  Our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well-specified but complex actions such as analyzing data, manipulating text, and querying databases. However, existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language. To bridge this gap, we start with a core programming language and allow users to "naturalize" the core language incrementally by defining alternative, more natural syntax and increasingly complex concepts in terms of compositions of simpler ones. In a voxel world, we show that a community of users can simultaneously teach a common system a diverse language and use it to build hundreds of complex voxel structures. Over the course of three days, these users went from using only the core language to using the naturalized language in 85.9\% of the last 10K utterances.	Naturalizing a Programming Language via Interactive Learning  Our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well-specified but complex actions such as analyzing data, manipulating text, and querying databases. However, existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language. To bridge this gap, we start with a core programming language and allow users to "naturalize" the core language incrementally by defining alternative, more natural syntax and increasingly complex concepts in terms of compositions of simpler ones. In a voxel world, we show that a community of users can simultaneously teach a common system a diverse language and use it to build hundreds of complex voxel structures. Over the course of three days, these users went from using only the core language to using the naturalized language in 85.9\% of the last 10K utterances.	445
What are the basics of natural language processing?	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations. Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language. NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed. Developed platforms for language comprehension, machine translation and part of speech (POS) tagging benefit from deep learning methods. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), one of the deep learning architectures, is preferred for processing sequential data such as text or audio data. In this study, Turkish POS tagging model has been proposed by using Bidirectional Long-Short Term Memory (BLSTM) which is an RNN type. The proposed POS tagging model is provided to natural language researchers with a platform that allows them to perform and use their own analysis. In the development phase of the platform developed by using BLSTM, the error rate of the POS tagger has been reduced by taking feedback with expert opinion.	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations. Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language. NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed. Developed platforms for language comprehension, machine translation and part of speech (POS) tagging benefit from deep learning methods. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), one of the deep learning architectures, is preferred for processing sequential data such as text or audio data. In this study, Turkish POS tagging model has been proposed by using Bidirectional Long-Short Term Memory (BLSTM) which is an RNN type. The proposed POS tagging model is provided to natural language researchers with a platform that allows them to perform and use their own analysis. In the development phase of the platform developed by using BLSTM, the error rate of the POS tagger has been reduced by taking feedback with expert opinion.	445
What are the basics of natural language processing?	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	442
What are the basics of natural language processing?	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	443
Could you please explain the choice constraints of the pros/cons while choosing Word2Vec, GloVe or any other thought vectors you have used?	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors. Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory. Here, we used approaches inspired by quantum computing to propose two related methods, {\em word2ket} and {\em word2ketXS}, for storing word embedding matrix during training and inference in a highly efficient way. Our approach achieves a hundred-fold or more reduction in the space required to store the embeddings with almost no relative drop in accuracy in practical natural language processing tasks.	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors. Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory. Here, we used approaches inspired by quantum computing to propose two related methods, {\em word2ket} and {\em word2ketXS}, for storing word embedding matrix during training and inference in a highly efficient way. Our approach achieves a hundred-fold or more reduction in the space required to store the embeddings with almost no relative drop in accuracy in practical natural language processing tasks.	324
Could you please explain the choice constraints of the pros/cons while choosing Word2Vec, GloVe or any other thought vectors you have used?	An Analysis of Word2Vec for the Italian Language  Word representation is fundamental in NLP tasks, because it is precisely from the coding of semantic closeness between words that it is possible to think of teaching a machine to understand text. Despite the spread of word embedding concepts, still few are the achievements in linguistic contexts other than English. In this work, analysing the semantic capacity of the Word2Vec algorithm, an embedding for the Italian language is produced. Parameter setting such as the number of epochs, the size of the context window and the number of negatively backpropagated samples is explored.	An Analysis of Word2Vec for the Italian Language  Word representation is fundamental in NLP tasks, because it is precisely from the coding of semantic closeness between words that it is possible to think of teaching a machine to understand text. Despite the spread of word embedding concepts, still few are the achievements in linguistic contexts other than English. In this work, analysing the semantic capacity of the Word2Vec algorithm, an embedding for the Italian language is produced. Parameter setting such as the number of epochs, the size of the context window and the number of negatively backpropagated samples is explored.	328
Could you please explain the choice constraints of the pros/cons while choosing Word2Vec, GloVe or any other thought vectors you have used?	Unsupervised Learning of Word-Sequence Representations from Scratch via   Convolutional Tensor Decomposition  Unsupervised text embeddings extraction is crucial for text understanding in machine learning. Word2Vec and its variants have received substantial success in mapping words with similar syntactic or semantic meaning to vectors close to each other. However, extracting context-aware word-sequence embedding remains a challenging task. Training over large corpus is difficult as labels are difficult to get. More importantly, it is challenging for pre-trained models to obtain word-sequence embeddings that are universally good for all downstream tasks or for any new datasets. We propose a two-phased ConvDic+DeconvDec framework to solve the problem by combining a word-sequence dictionary learning model with a word-sequence embedding decode model. We propose a convolutional tensor decomposition mechanism to learn good word-sequence phrase dictionary in the learning phase. It is proved to be more accurate and much more efficient than the popular alternating minimization method. In the decode phase, we introduce a deconvolution framework that is immune to the problem of varying sentence lengths. The word-sequence embeddings we extracted using ConvDic+DeconvDec are universally good for a few downstream tasks we test on. The framework requires neither pre-training nor prior/outside information.	Unsupervised Learning of Word-Sequence Representations from Scratch via   Convolutional Tensor Decomposition  Unsupervised text embeddings extraction is crucial for text understanding in machine learning. Word2Vec and its variants have received substantial success in mapping words with similar syntactic or semantic meaning to vectors close to each other. However, extracting context-aware word-sequence embedding remains a challenging task. Training over large corpus is difficult as labels are difficult to get. More importantly, it is challenging for pre-trained models to obtain word-sequence embeddings that are universally good for all downstream tasks or for any new datasets. We propose a two-phased ConvDic+DeconvDec framework to solve the problem by combining a word-sequence dictionary learning model with a word-sequence embedding decode model. We propose a convolutional tensor decomposition mechanism to learn good word-sequence phrase dictionary in the learning phase. It is proved to be more accurate and much more efficient than the popular alternating minimization method. In the decode phase, we introduce a deconvolution framework that is immune to the problem of varying sentence lengths. The word-sequence embeddings we extracted using ConvDic+DeconvDec are universally good for a few downstream tasks we test on. The framework requires neither pre-training nor prior/outside information.	331
Could you please explain the choice constraints of the pros/cons while choosing Word2Vec, GloVe or any other thought vectors you have used?	What the Vec? Towards Probabilistically Grounded Embeddings  Word2Vec (W2V) and GloVe are popular, fast and efficient word embedding algorithms. Their embeddings are widely used and perform well on a variety of natural language processing tasks. Moreover, W2V has recently been adopted in the field of graph embedding, where it underpins several leading algorithms. However, despite their ubiquity and relatively simple model architecture, a theoretical understanding of what the embedding parameters of W2V and GloVe learn and why that is useful in downstream tasks has been lacking. We show that different interactions between PMI vectors reflect semantic word relationships, such as similarity and paraphrasing, that are encoded in low dimensional word embeddings under a suitable projection, theoretically explaining why embeddings of W2V and GloVe work. As a consequence, we also reveal an interesting mathematical interconnection between the considered semantic relationships themselves.	What the Vec? Towards Probabilistically Grounded Embeddings  Word2Vec (W2V) and GloVe are popular, fast and efficient word embedding algorithms. Their embeddings are widely used and perform well on a variety of natural language processing tasks. Moreover, W2V has recently been adopted in the field of graph embedding, where it underpins several leading algorithms. However, despite their ubiquity and relatively simple model architecture, a theoretical understanding of what the embedding parameters of W2V and GloVe learn and why that is useful in downstream tasks has been lacking. We show that different interactions between PMI vectors reflect semantic word relationships, such as similarity and paraphrasing, that are encoded in low dimensional word embeddings under a suitable projection, theoretically explaining why embeddings of W2V and GloVe work. As a consequence, we also reveal an interesting mathematical interconnection between the considered semantic relationships themselves.	342
Could you please explain the choice constraints of the pros/cons while choosing Word2Vec, GloVe or any other thought vectors you have used?	Linking GloVe with word2vec  The Global Vectors for word representation (GloVe), introduced by Jeffrey Pennington et al. is reported to be an efficient and effective method for learning vector representations of words. State-of-the-art performance is also provided by skip-gram with negative-sampling (SGNS) implemented in the word2vec tool. In this note, we explain the similarities between the training objectives of the two models, and show that the objective of SGNS is similar to the objective of a specialized form of GloVe, though their cost functions are defined differently.	Linking GloVe with word2vec  The Global Vectors for word representation (GloVe), introduced by Jeffrey Pennington et al. is reported to be an efficient and effective method for learning vector representations of words. State-of-the-art performance is also provided by skip-gram with negative-sampling (SGNS) implemented in the word2vec tool. In this note, we explain the similarities between the training objectives of the two models, and show that the objective of SGNS is similar to the objective of a specialized form of GloVe, though their cost functions are defined differently.	341
How do you explain NLP to a layman?	Empirical Evaluation of Multi-task Learning in Deep Neural Networks for   Natural Language Processing  Multi-Task Learning (MTL) aims at boosting the overall performance of each individual task by leveraging useful information contained in multiple related tasks. It has shown great success in natural language processing (NLP). Currently, a number of MLT architectures and learning mechanisms have been proposed for various NLP tasks. However, there is no systematic exploration and comparison of different MLT architectures and learning mechanisms for their strong performance in-depth. In this paper, we conduct a thorough examination of typical MTL methods on a broad range of representative NLP tasks. Our primary goal is to understand the merits and demerits of existing MTL methods in NLP tasks, thus devising new hybrid architectures intended to combine their strengths.	Empirical Evaluation of Multi-task Learning in Deep Neural Networks for   Natural Language Processing  Multi-Task Learning (MTL) aims at boosting the overall performance of each individual task by leveraging useful information contained in multiple related tasks. It has shown great success in natural language processing (NLP). Currently, a number of MLT architectures and learning mechanisms have been proposed for various NLP tasks. However, there is no systematic exploration and comparison of different MLT architectures and learning mechanisms for their strong performance in-depth. In this paper, we conduct a thorough examination of typical MTL methods on a broad range of representative NLP tasks. Our primary goal is to understand the merits and demerits of existing MTL methods in NLP tasks, thus devising new hybrid architectures intended to combine their strengths.	496
How do you explain NLP to a layman?	How Transferable are Neural Networks in NLP Applications?  Transfer learning is aimed to make use of valuable knowledge in a source domain to help model performance in a target domain. It is particularly important to neural networks, which are very likely to be overfitting. In some fields like image processing, many studies have shown the effectiveness of neural network-based transfer learning. For neural NLP, however, existing studies have only casually applied transfer learning, and conclusions are inconsistent. In this paper, we conduct systematic case studies and provide an illuminating picture on the transferability of neural networks in NLP.	How Transferable are Neural Networks in NLP Applications?  Transfer learning is aimed to make use of valuable knowledge in a source domain to help model performance in a target domain. It is particularly important to neural networks, which are very likely to be overfitting. In some fields like image processing, many studies have shown the effectiveness of neural network-based transfer learning. For neural NLP, however, existing studies have only casually applied transfer learning, and conclusions are inconsistent. In this paper, we conduct systematic case studies and provide an illuminating picture on the transferability of neural networks in NLP.	487
How do you explain NLP to a layman?	Applying Recent Innovations from NLP to MOOC Student Course Trajectory   Modeling  This paper presents several strategies that can improve neural network-based predictive methods for MOOC student course trajectory modeling, applying multiple ideas previously applied to tackle NLP (Natural Language Processing) tasks. In particular, this paper investigates LSTM networks enhanced with two forms of regularization, along with the more recently introduced Transformer architecture.	Applying Recent Innovations from NLP to MOOC Student Course Trajectory   Modeling  This paper presents several strategies that can improve neural network-based predictive methods for MOOC student course trajectory modeling, applying multiple ideas previously applied to tackle NLP (Natural Language Processing) tasks. In particular, this paper investigates LSTM networks enhanced with two forms of regularization, along with the more recently introduced Transformer architecture.	473
How do you explain NLP to a layman?	SMART: Robust and Efficient Fine-Tuning for Pre-trained Natural Language   Models through Principled Regularized Optimization  Transfer learning has fundamentally changed the landscape of natural language processing (NLP) research. Many existing state-of-the-art models are first pre-trained on a large text corpus and then fine-tuned on downstream tasks. However, due to limited data resources from downstream tasks and the extremely large capacity of pre-trained models, aggressive fine-tuning often causes the adapted model to overfit the data of downstream tasks and forget the knowledge of the pre-trained model. To address the above issue in a more principled manner, we propose a new computational framework for robust and efficient fine-tuning for pre-trained language models. Specifically, our proposed framework contains two important ingredients: 1. Smoothness-inducing regularization, which effectively manages the capacity of the model; 2. Bregman proximal point optimization, which is a class of trust-region methods and can prevent knowledge forgetting. Our experiments demonstrate that our proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on multiple NLP benchmarks.	SMART: Robust and Efficient Fine-Tuning for Pre-trained Natural Language   Models through Principled Regularized Optimization  Transfer learning has fundamentally changed the landscape of natural language processing (NLP) research. Many existing state-of-the-art models are first pre-trained on a large text corpus and then fine-tuned on downstream tasks. However, due to limited data resources from downstream tasks and the extremely large capacity of pre-trained models, aggressive fine-tuning often causes the adapted model to overfit the data of downstream tasks and forget the knowledge of the pre-trained model. To address the above issue in a more principled manner, we propose a new computational framework for robust and efficient fine-tuning for pre-trained language models. Specifically, our proposed framework contains two important ingredients: 1. Smoothness-inducing regularization, which effectively manages the capacity of the model; 2. Bregman proximal point optimization, which is a class of trust-region methods and can prevent knowledge forgetting. Our experiments demonstrate that our proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on multiple NLP benchmarks.	495
How do you explain NLP to a layman?	Just Add Functions: A Neural-Symbolic Language Model  Neural network language models (NNLMs) have achieved ever-improving accuracy due to more sophisticated architectures and increasing amounts of training data. However, the inductive bias of these models (formed by the distributional hypothesis of language), while ideally suited to modeling most running text, results in key limitations for today's models. In particular, the models often struggle to learn certain spatial, temporal, or quantitative relationships, which are commonplace in text and are second-nature for human readers. Yet, in many cases, these relationships can be encoded with simple mathematical or logical expressions. How can we augment today's neural models with such encodings?   In this paper, we propose a general methodology to enhance the inductive bias of NNLMs by incorporating simple functions into a neural architecture to form a hierarchical neural-symbolic language model (NSLM). These functions explicitly encode symbolic deterministic relationships to form probability distributions over words. We explore the effectiveness of this approach on numbers and geographic locations, and show that NSLMs significantly reduce perplexity in small-corpus language modeling, and that the performance improvement persists for rare tokens even on much larger corpora. The approach is simple and general, and we discuss how it can be applied to other word classes beyond numbers and geography.	Just Add Functions: A Neural-Symbolic Language Model  Neural network language models (NNLMs) have achieved ever-improving accuracy due to more sophisticated architectures and increasing amounts of training data. However, the inductive bias of these models (formed by the distributional hypothesis of language), while ideally suited to modeling most running text, results in key limitations for today's models. In particular, the models often struggle to learn certain spatial, temporal, or quantitative relationships, which are commonplace in text and are second-nature for human readers. Yet, in many cases, these relationships can be encoded with simple mathematical or logical expressions. How can we augment today's neural models with such encodings?   In this paper, we propose a general methodology to enhance the inductive bias of NNLMs by incorporating simple functions into a neural architecture to form a hierarchical neural-symbolic language model (NSLM). These functions explicitly encode symbolic deterministic relationships to form probability distributions over words. We explore the effectiveness of this approach on numbers and geographic locations, and show that NSLMs significantly reduce perplexity in small-corpus language modeling, and that the performance improvement persists for rare tokens even on much larger corpora. The approach is simple and general, and we discuss how it can be applied to other word classes beyond numbers and geography.	496
How do I explain NLP, text mining, and their difference in laymans terms?	On a Topic Model for Sentences  Probabilistic topic models are generative models that describe the content of documents by discovering the latent topics underlying them. However, the structure of the textual input, and for instance the grouping of words in coherent text spans such as sentences, contains much information which is generally lost with these models. In this paper, we propose sentenceLDA, an extension of LDA whose goal is to overcome this limitation by incorporating the structure of the text in the generative and inference processes. We illustrate the advantages of sentenceLDA by comparing it with LDA using both intrinsic (perplexity) and extrinsic (text classification) evaluation tasks on different text collections.	On a Topic Model for Sentences  Probabilistic topic models are generative models that describe the content of documents by discovering the latent topics underlying them. However, the structure of the textual input, and for instance the grouping of words in coherent text spans such as sentences, contains much information which is generally lost with these models. In this paper, we propose sentenceLDA, an extension of LDA whose goal is to overcome this limitation by incorporating the structure of the text in the generative and inference processes. We illustrate the advantages of sentenceLDA by comparing it with LDA using both intrinsic (perplexity) and extrinsic (text classification) evaluation tasks on different text collections.	333
How do I explain NLP, text mining, and their difference in laymans terms?	Mixed Membership Word Embeddings for Computational Social Science  Word embeddings improve the performance of NLP systems by revealing the hidden structural relationships between words. Despite their success in many applications, word embeddings have seen very little use in computational social science NLP tasks, presumably due to their reliance on big data, and to a lack of interpretability. I propose a probabilistic model-based word embedding method which can recover interpretable embeddings, without big data. The key insight is to leverage mixed membership modeling, in which global representations are shared, but individual entities (i.e. dictionary words) are free to use these representations to uniquely differing degrees. I show how to train the model using a combination of state-of-the-art training techniques for word embeddings and topic models. The experimental results show an improvement in predictive language modeling of up to 63% in MRR over the skip-gram, and demonstrate that the representations are beneficial for supervised learning. I illustrate the interpretability of the models with computational social science case studies on State of the Union addresses and NIPS articles.	Mixed Membership Word Embeddings for Computational Social Science  Word embeddings improve the performance of NLP systems by revealing the hidden structural relationships between words. Despite their success in many applications, word embeddings have seen very little use in computational social science NLP tasks, presumably due to their reliance on big data, and to a lack of interpretability. I propose a probabilistic model-based word embedding method which can recover interpretable embeddings, without big data. The key insight is to leverage mixed membership modeling, in which global representations are shared, but individual entities (i.e. dictionary words) are free to use these representations to uniquely differing degrees. I show how to train the model using a combination of state-of-the-art training techniques for word embeddings and topic models. The experimental results show an improvement in predictive language modeling of up to 63% in MRR over the skip-gram, and demonstrate that the representations are beneficial for supervised learning. I illustrate the interpretability of the models with computational social science case studies on State of the Union addresses and NIPS articles.	339
How do I explain NLP, text mining, and their difference in laymans terms?	What Does a TextCNN Learn?  TextCNN, the convolutional neural network for text, is a useful deep learning algorithm for sentence classification tasks such as sentiment analysis and question classification. However, neural networks have long been known as black boxes because interpreting them is a challenging task. Researchers have developed several tools to understand a CNN for image classification by deep visualization, but research about deep TextCNNs is still insufficient. In this paper, we are trying to understand what a TextCNN learns on two classical NLP datasets. Our work focuses on functions of different convolutional kernels and correlations between convolutional kernels.	What Does a TextCNN Learn?  TextCNN, the convolutional neural network for text, is a useful deep learning algorithm for sentence classification tasks such as sentiment analysis and question classification. However, neural networks have long been known as black boxes because interpreting them is a challenging task. Researchers have developed several tools to understand a CNN for image classification by deep visualization, but research about deep TextCNNs is still insufficient. In this paper, we are trying to understand what a TextCNN learns on two classical NLP datasets. Our work focuses on functions of different convolutional kernels and correlations between convolutional kernels.	336
How do I explain NLP, text mining, and their difference in laymans terms?	Just Add Functions: A Neural-Symbolic Language Model  Neural network language models (NNLMs) have achieved ever-improving accuracy due to more sophisticated architectures and increasing amounts of training data. However, the inductive bias of these models (formed by the distributional hypothesis of language), while ideally suited to modeling most running text, results in key limitations for today's models. In particular, the models often struggle to learn certain spatial, temporal, or quantitative relationships, which are commonplace in text and are second-nature for human readers. Yet, in many cases, these relationships can be encoded with simple mathematical or logical expressions. How can we augment today's neural models with such encodings?   In this paper, we propose a general methodology to enhance the inductive bias of NNLMs by incorporating simple functions into a neural architecture to form a hierarchical neural-symbolic language model (NSLM). These functions explicitly encode symbolic deterministic relationships to form probability distributions over words. We explore the effectiveness of this approach on numbers and geographic locations, and show that NSLMs significantly reduce perplexity in small-corpus language modeling, and that the performance improvement persists for rare tokens even on much larger corpora. The approach is simple and general, and we discuss how it can be applied to other word classes beyond numbers and geography.	Just Add Functions: A Neural-Symbolic Language Model  Neural network language models (NNLMs) have achieved ever-improving accuracy due to more sophisticated architectures and increasing amounts of training data. However, the inductive bias of these models (formed by the distributional hypothesis of language), while ideally suited to modeling most running text, results in key limitations for today's models. In particular, the models often struggle to learn certain spatial, temporal, or quantitative relationships, which are commonplace in text and are second-nature for human readers. Yet, in many cases, these relationships can be encoded with simple mathematical or logical expressions. How can we augment today's neural models with such encodings?   In this paper, we propose a general methodology to enhance the inductive bias of NNLMs by incorporating simple functions into a neural architecture to form a hierarchical neural-symbolic language model (NSLM). These functions explicitly encode symbolic deterministic relationships to form probability distributions over words. We explore the effectiveness of this approach on numbers and geographic locations, and show that NSLMs significantly reduce perplexity in small-corpus language modeling, and that the performance improvement persists for rare tokens even on much larger corpora. The approach is simple and general, and we discuss how it can be applied to other word classes beyond numbers and geography.	335
How do I explain NLP, text mining, and their difference in laymans terms?	Latent Code and Text-based Generative Adversarial Networks for Soft-text   Generation  Text generation with generative adversarial networks (GANs) can be divided into the text-based and code-based categories according to the type of signals used for discrimination. In this work, we introduce a novel text-based approach called Soft-GAN to effectively exploit GAN setup for text generation. We demonstrate how autoencoders (AEs) can be used for providing a continuous representation of sentences, which we will refer to as soft-text. This soft representation will be used in GAN discrimination to synthesize similar soft-texts. We also propose hybrid latent code and text-based GAN (LATEXT-GAN) approaches with one or more discriminators, in which a combination of the latent code and the soft-text is used for GAN discriminations. We perform a number of subjective and objective experiments on two well-known datasets (SNLI and Image COCO) to validate our techniques. We discuss the results using several evaluation metrics and show that the proposed techniques outperform the traditional GAN-based text-generation methods.	Latent Code and Text-based Generative Adversarial Networks for Soft-text   Generation  Text generation with generative adversarial networks (GANs) can be divided into the text-based and code-based categories according to the type of signals used for discrimination. In this work, we introduce a novel text-based approach called Soft-GAN to effectively exploit GAN setup for text generation. We demonstrate how autoencoders (AEs) can be used for providing a continuous representation of sentences, which we will refer to as soft-text. This soft representation will be used in GAN discrimination to synthesize similar soft-texts. We also propose hybrid latent code and text-based GAN (LATEXT-GAN) approaches with one or more discriminators, in which a combination of the latent code and the soft-text is used for GAN discriminations. We perform a number of subjective and objective experiments on two well-known datasets (SNLI and Image COCO) to validate our techniques. We discuss the results using several evaluation metrics and show that the proposed techniques outperform the traditional GAN-based text-generation methods.	330
What is the relationship between N-gram and Bag-of-words in natural language processing?	FRAGE: Frequency-Agnostic Word Representation  Continuous word representation (aka word embedding) is a basic building block in many neural network-based models used in natural language processing tasks. Although it is widely accepted that words with similar semantics should be close to each other in the embedding space, we find that word embeddings learned in several tasks are biased towards word frequency: the embeddings of high-frequency and low-frequency words lie in different subregions of the embedding space, and the embedding of a rare word and a popular word can be far from each other even if they are semantically similar. This makes learned word embeddings ineffective, especially for rare words, and consequently limits the performance of these neural network models. In this paper, we develop a neat, simple yet effective way to learn \emph{FRequency-AGnostic word Embedding} (FRAGE) using adversarial training. We conducted comprehensive studies on ten datasets across four natural language processing tasks, including word similarity, language modeling, machine translation and text classification. Results show that with FRAGE, we achieve higher performance than the baselines in all tasks.	FRAGE: Frequency-Agnostic Word Representation  Continuous word representation (aka word embedding) is a basic building block in many neural network-based models used in natural language processing tasks. Although it is widely accepted that words with similar semantics should be close to each other in the embedding space, we find that word embeddings learned in several tasks are biased towards word frequency: the embeddings of high-frequency and low-frequency words lie in different subregions of the embedding space, and the embedding of a rare word and a popular word can be far from each other even if they are semantically similar. This makes learned word embeddings ineffective, especially for rare words, and consequently limits the performance of these neural network models. In this paper, we develop a neat, simple yet effective way to learn \emph{FRequency-AGnostic word Embedding} (FRAGE) using adversarial training. We conducted comprehensive studies on ten datasets across four natural language processing tasks, including word similarity, language modeling, machine translation and text classification. Results show that with FRAGE, we achieve higher performance than the baselines in all tasks.	324
What is the relationship between N-gram and Bag-of-words in natural language processing?	Just Add Functions: A Neural-Symbolic Language Model  Neural network language models (NNLMs) have achieved ever-improving accuracy due to more sophisticated architectures and increasing amounts of training data. However, the inductive bias of these models (formed by the distributional hypothesis of language), while ideally suited to modeling most running text, results in key limitations for today's models. In particular, the models often struggle to learn certain spatial, temporal, or quantitative relationships, which are commonplace in text and are second-nature for human readers. Yet, in many cases, these relationships can be encoded with simple mathematical or logical expressions. How can we augment today's neural models with such encodings?   In this paper, we propose a general methodology to enhance the inductive bias of NNLMs by incorporating simple functions into a neural architecture to form a hierarchical neural-symbolic language model (NSLM). These functions explicitly encode symbolic deterministic relationships to form probability distributions over words. We explore the effectiveness of this approach on numbers and geographic locations, and show that NSLMs significantly reduce perplexity in small-corpus language modeling, and that the performance improvement persists for rare tokens even on much larger corpora. The approach is simple and general, and we discuss how it can be applied to other word classes beyond numbers and geography.	Just Add Functions: A Neural-Symbolic Language Model  Neural network language models (NNLMs) have achieved ever-improving accuracy due to more sophisticated architectures and increasing amounts of training data. However, the inductive bias of these models (formed by the distributional hypothesis of language), while ideally suited to modeling most running text, results in key limitations for today's models. In particular, the models often struggle to learn certain spatial, temporal, or quantitative relationships, which are commonplace in text and are second-nature for human readers. Yet, in many cases, these relationships can be encoded with simple mathematical or logical expressions. How can we augment today's neural models with such encodings?   In this paper, we propose a general methodology to enhance the inductive bias of NNLMs by incorporating simple functions into a neural architecture to form a hierarchical neural-symbolic language model (NSLM). These functions explicitly encode symbolic deterministic relationships to form probability distributions over words. We explore the effectiveness of this approach on numbers and geographic locations, and show that NSLMs significantly reduce perplexity in small-corpus language modeling, and that the performance improvement persists for rare tokens even on much larger corpora. The approach is simple and general, and we discuss how it can be applied to other word classes beyond numbers and geography.	323
What is the relationship between N-gram and Bag-of-words in natural language processing?	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations. Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language. NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed. Developed platforms for language comprehension, machine translation and part of speech (POS) tagging benefit from deep learning methods. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), one of the deep learning architectures, is preferred for processing sequential data such as text or audio data. In this study, Turkish POS tagging model has been proposed by using Bidirectional Long-Short Term Memory (BLSTM) which is an RNN type. The proposed POS tagging model is provided to natural language researchers with a platform that allows them to perform and use their own analysis. In the development phase of the platform developed by using BLSTM, the error rate of the POS tagger has been reduced by taking feedback with expert opinion.	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations. Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language. NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed. Developed platforms for language comprehension, machine translation and part of speech (POS) tagging benefit from deep learning methods. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), one of the deep learning architectures, is preferred for processing sequential data such as text or audio data. In this study, Turkish POS tagging model has been proposed by using Bidirectional Long-Short Term Memory (BLSTM) which is an RNN type. The proposed POS tagging model is provided to natural language researchers with a platform that allows them to perform and use their own analysis. In the development phase of the platform developed by using BLSTM, the error rate of the POS tagger has been reduced by taking feedback with expert opinion.	320
What is the relationship between N-gram and Bag-of-words in natural language processing?	Better Word Embeddings by Disentangling Contextual n-Gram Information  Pre-trained word vectors are ubiquitous in Natural Language Processing applications. In this paper, we show how training word embeddings jointly with bigram and even trigram embeddings, results in improved unigram embeddings. We claim that training word embeddings along with higher n-gram embeddings helps in the removal of the contextual information from the unigrams, resulting in better stand-alone word embeddings. We empirically show the validity of our hypothesis by outperforming other competing word representation models by a significant margin on a wide variety of tasks. We make our models publicly available.	Better Word Embeddings by Disentangling Contextual n-Gram Information  Pre-trained word vectors are ubiquitous in Natural Language Processing applications. In this paper, we show how training word embeddings jointly with bigram and even trigram embeddings, results in improved unigram embeddings. We claim that training word embeddings along with higher n-gram embeddings helps in the removal of the contextual information from the unigrams, resulting in better stand-alone word embeddings. We empirically show the validity of our hypothesis by outperforming other competing word representation models by a significant margin on a wide variety of tasks. We make our models publicly available.	324
What is the relationship between N-gram and Bag-of-words in natural language processing?	Generalizing Word Embeddings using Bag of Subwords  We approach the problem of generalizing pre-trained word embeddings beyond fixed-size vocabularies without using additional contextual information. We propose a subword-level word vector generation model that views words as bags of character $n$-grams. The model is simple, fast to train and provides good vectors for rare or unseen words. Experiments show that our model achieves state-of-the-art performances in English word similarity task and in joint prediction of part-of-speech tag and morphosyntactic attributes in 23 languages, suggesting our model's ability in capturing the relationship between words' textual representations and their embeddings.	Generalizing Word Embeddings using Bag of Subwords  We approach the problem of generalizing pre-trained word embeddings beyond fixed-size vocabularies without using additional contextual information. We propose a subword-level word vector generation model that views words as bags of character $n$-grams. The model is simple, fast to train and provides good vectors for rare or unseen words. Experiments show that our model achieves state-of-the-art performances in English word similarity task and in joint prediction of part-of-speech tag and morphosyntactic attributes in 23 languages, suggesting our model's ability in capturing the relationship between words' textual representations and their embeddings.	321
Is deep learning suitable for NLP problems like parsing or machine translation?	Neural network models and deep learning - a primer for biologists  Originally inspired by neurobiology, deep neural network models have become a powerful tool of machine learning and artificial intelligence, where they are used to approximate functions and dynamics by learning from examples. Here we give a brief introduction to neural network models and deep learning for biologists. We introduce feedforward and recurrent networks and explain the expressive power of this modeling framework and the backpropagation algorithm for setting the parameters. Finally, we consider how deep neural networks might help us understand the brain's computations.	Neural network models and deep learning - a primer for biologists  Originally inspired by neurobiology, deep neural network models have become a powerful tool of machine learning and artificial intelligence, where they are used to approximate functions and dynamics by learning from examples. Here we give a brief introduction to neural network models and deep learning for biologists. We introduce feedforward and recurrent networks and explain the expressive power of this modeling framework and the backpropagation algorithm for setting the parameters. Finally, we consider how deep neural networks might help us understand the brain's computations.	356
Is deep learning suitable for NLP problems like parsing or machine translation?	A Probabilistic Theory of Deep Learning  A grand challenge in machine learning is the development of computational algorithms that match or outperform humans in perceptual inference tasks that are complicated by nuisance variation. For instance, visual object recognition involves the unknown object position, orientation, and scale in object recognition while speech recognition involves the unknown voice pronunciation, pitch, and speed. Recently, a new breed of deep learning algorithms have emerged for high-nuisance inference tasks that routinely yield pattern recognition systems with near- or super-human capabilities. But a fundamental question remains: Why do they work? Intuitions abound, but a coherent framework for understanding, analyzing, and synthesizing deep learning architectures has remained elusive. We answer this question by developing a new probabilistic framework for deep learning based on the Deep Rendering Model: a generative probabilistic model that explicitly captures latent nuisance variation. By relaxing the generative model to a discriminative one, we can recover two of the current leading deep learning systems, deep convolutional neural networks and random decision forests, providing insights into their successes and shortcomings, as well as a principled route to their improvement.	A Probabilistic Theory of Deep Learning  A grand challenge in machine learning is the development of computational algorithms that match or outperform humans in perceptual inference tasks that are complicated by nuisance variation. For instance, visual object recognition involves the unknown object position, orientation, and scale in object recognition while speech recognition involves the unknown voice pronunciation, pitch, and speed. Recently, a new breed of deep learning algorithms have emerged for high-nuisance inference tasks that routinely yield pattern recognition systems with near- or super-human capabilities. But a fundamental question remains: Why do they work? Intuitions abound, but a coherent framework for understanding, analyzing, and synthesizing deep learning architectures has remained elusive. We answer this question by developing a new probabilistic framework for deep learning based on the Deep Rendering Model: a generative probabilistic model that explicitly captures latent nuisance variation. By relaxing the generative model to a discriminative one, we can recover two of the current leading deep learning systems, deep convolutional neural networks and random decision forests, providing insights into their successes and shortcomings, as well as a principled route to their improvement.	349
Is deep learning suitable for NLP problems like parsing or machine translation?	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning. In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model. Although we are motivated by the connection between deep learning and RG flow, in this study we focus mainly on comparing a single layer of a deep network to a single step in the RG flow. We argue that correlation functions between hidden and visible neurons are capable of diagnosing RG-like coarse graining. Numerical experiments show the presence of RG-like patterns in correlators computed using the trained RBMs. The observables we consider are also able to exhibit important differences between RG and deep learning.	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning. In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model. Although we are motivated by the connection between deep learning and RG flow, in this study we focus mainly on comparing a single layer of a deep network to a single step in the RG flow. We argue that correlation functions between hidden and visible neurons are capable of diagnosing RG-like coarse graining. Numerical experiments show the presence of RG-like patterns in correlators computed using the trained RBMs. The observables we consider are also able to exhibit important differences between RG and deep learning.	343
Is deep learning suitable for NLP problems like parsing or machine translation?	Relational Neural Machines  Deep learning has been shown to achieve impressive results in several tasks where a large amount of training data is available. However, deep learning solely focuses on the accuracy of the predictions, neglecting the reasoning process leading to a decision, which is a major issue in life-critical applications. Probabilistic logic reasoning allows to exploit both statistical regularities and specific domain expertise to perform reasoning under uncertainty, but its scalability and brittle integration with the layers processing the sensory data have greatly limited its applications. For these reasons, combining deep architectures and probabilistic logic reasoning is a fundamental goal towards the development of intelligent agents operating in complex environments. This paper presents Relational Neural Machines, a novel framework allowing to jointly train the parameters of the learners and of a First--Order Logic based reasoner. A Relational Neural Machine is able to recover both classical learning from supervised data in case of pure sub-symbolic learning, and Markov Logic Networks in case of pure symbolic reasoning, while allowing to jointly train and perform inference in hybrid learning tasks. Proper algorithmic solutions are devised to make learning and inference tractable in large-scale problems. The experiments show promising results in different relational tasks.	Relational Neural Machines  Deep learning has been shown to achieve impressive results in several tasks where a large amount of training data is available. However, deep learning solely focuses on the accuracy of the predictions, neglecting the reasoning process leading to a decision, which is a major issue in life-critical applications. Probabilistic logic reasoning allows to exploit both statistical regularities and specific domain expertise to perform reasoning under uncertainty, but its scalability and brittle integration with the layers processing the sensory data have greatly limited its applications. For these reasons, combining deep architectures and probabilistic logic reasoning is a fundamental goal towards the development of intelligent agents operating in complex environments. This paper presents Relational Neural Machines, a novel framework allowing to jointly train the parameters of the learners and of a First--Order Logic based reasoner. A Relational Neural Machine is able to recover both classical learning from supervised data in case of pure sub-symbolic learning, and Markov Logic Networks in case of pure symbolic reasoning, while allowing to jointly train and perform inference in hybrid learning tasks. Proper algorithmic solutions are devised to make learning and inference tractable in large-scale problems. The experiments show promising results in different relational tasks.	350
Is deep learning suitable for NLP problems like parsing or machine translation?	Neural Random Subspace  The random subspace method, known as the pillar of random forests, is good at making precise and robust predictions. However, there is not a straightforward way yet to combine it with deep learning. In this paper, we therefore propose Neural Random Subspace (NRS), a novel deep learning based random subspace method. In contrast to previous forest methods, NRS enjoys the benefits of end-to-end, data-driven representation learning, as well as pervasive support from deep learning software and hardware platforms, hence achieving faster inference speed and higher accuracy. Furthermore, as a non-linear component to be encoded into Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), NRS learns non-linear feature representations in CNNs more efficiently than previous higher-order pooling methods, producing good results with negligible increase in parameters, floating point operations (FLOPs) and real running time. Compared with random subspaces, random forests and gradient boosting decision trees (GBDTs), NRS achieves superior performance on 35 machine learning datasets. Moreover, on both 2D image and 3D point cloud recognition tasks, integration of NRS with CNN architectures achieves consistent improvements with minor extra cost. Code is available at https://github.com/CupidJay/NRS_pytorch.	Neural Random Subspace  The random subspace method, known as the pillar of random forests, is good at making precise and robust predictions. However, there is not a straightforward way yet to combine it with deep learning. In this paper, we therefore propose Neural Random Subspace (NRS), a novel deep learning based random subspace method. In contrast to previous forest methods, NRS enjoys the benefits of end-to-end, data-driven representation learning, as well as pervasive support from deep learning software and hardware platforms, hence achieving faster inference speed and higher accuracy. Furthermore, as a non-linear component to be encoded into Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), NRS learns non-linear feature representations in CNNs more efficiently than previous higher-order pooling methods, producing good results with negligible increase in parameters, floating point operations (FLOPs) and real running time. Compared with random subspaces, random forests and gradient boosting decision trees (GBDTs), NRS achieves superior performance on 35 machine learning datasets. Moreover, on both 2D image and 3D point cloud recognition tasks, integration of NRS with CNN architectures achieves consistent improvements with minor extra cost. Code is available at https://github.com/CupidJay/NRS_pytorch.	341
What is a simple explanation of a language model?	A simple application of FIC to model selection  We have recently proposed a new information-based approach to model selection, the Frequentist Information Criterion (FIC), that reconciles information-based and frequentist inference. The purpose of this current paper is to provide a simple example of the application of this criterion and a demonstration of the natural emergence of model complexities with both AIC-like ($N^0$) and BIC-like ($\log N$) scaling with observation number $N$. The application developed is deliberately simplified to make the analysis analytically tractable.	A simple application of FIC to model selection  We have recently proposed a new information-based approach to model selection, the Frequentist Information Criterion (FIC), that reconciles information-based and frequentist inference. The purpose of this current paper is to provide a simple example of the application of this criterion and a demonstration of the natural emergence of model complexities with both AIC-like ($N^0$) and BIC-like ($\log N$) scaling with observation number $N$. The application developed is deliberately simplified to make the analysis analytically tractable.	399
What is a simple explanation of a language model?	A Generalized Language Model in Tensor Space  In the literature, tensors have been effectively used for capturing the context information in language models. However, the existing methods usually adopt relatively-low order tensors, which have limited expressive power in modeling language. Developing a higher-order tensor representation is challenging, in terms of deriving an effective solution and showing its generality. In this paper, we propose a language model named Tensor Space Language Model (TSLM), by utilizing tensor networks and tensor decomposition. In TSLM, we build a high-dimensional semantic space constructed by the tensor product of word vectors. Theoretically, we prove that such tensor representation is a generalization of the n-gram language model. We further show that this high-order tensor representation can be decomposed to a recursive calculation of conditional probability for language modeling. The experimental results on Penn Tree Bank (PTB) dataset and WikiText benchmark demonstrate the effectiveness of TSLM.	A Generalized Language Model in Tensor Space  In the literature, tensors have been effectively used for capturing the context information in language models. However, the existing methods usually adopt relatively-low order tensors, which have limited expressive power in modeling language. Developing a higher-order tensor representation is challenging, in terms of deriving an effective solution and showing its generality. In this paper, we propose a language model named Tensor Space Language Model (TSLM), by utilizing tensor networks and tensor decomposition. In TSLM, we build a high-dimensional semantic space constructed by the tensor product of word vectors. Theoretically, we prove that such tensor representation is a generalization of the n-gram language model. We further show that this high-order tensor representation can be decomposed to a recursive calculation of conditional probability for language modeling. The experimental results on Penn Tree Bank (PTB) dataset and WikiText benchmark demonstrate the effectiveness of TSLM.	403
What is a simple explanation of a language model?	Compositional Languages Emerge in a Neural Iterated Learning Model  The principle of compositionality, which enables natural language to represent complex concepts via a structured combination of simpler ones, allows us to convey an open-ended set of messages using a limited vocabulary. If compositionality is indeed a natural property of language, we may expect it to appear in communication protocols that are created by neural agents in language games. In this paper, we propose an effective neural iterated learning (NIL) algorithm that, when applied to interacting neural agents, facilitates the emergence of a more structured type of language. Indeed, these languages provide learning speed advantages to neural agents during training, which can be incrementally amplified via NIL. We provide a probabilistic model of NIL and an explanation of why the advantage of compositional language exist. Our experiments confirm our analysis, and also demonstrate that the emerged languages largely improve the generalizing power of the neural agent communication.	Compositional Languages Emerge in a Neural Iterated Learning Model  The principle of compositionality, which enables natural language to represent complex concepts via a structured combination of simpler ones, allows us to convey an open-ended set of messages using a limited vocabulary. If compositionality is indeed a natural property of language, we may expect it to appear in communication protocols that are created by neural agents in language games. In this paper, we propose an effective neural iterated learning (NIL) algorithm that, when applied to interacting neural agents, facilitates the emergence of a more structured type of language. Indeed, these languages provide learning speed advantages to neural agents during training, which can be incrementally amplified via NIL. We provide a probabilistic model of NIL and an explanation of why the advantage of compositional language exist. Our experiments confirm our analysis, and also demonstrate that the emerged languages largely improve the generalizing power of the neural agent communication.	400
What is a simple explanation of a language model?	Alternative structures for character-level RNNs  Recurrent neural networks are convenient and efficient models for language modeling. However, when applied on the level of characters instead of words, they suffer from several problems. In order to successfully model long-term dependencies, the hidden representation needs to be large. This in turn implies higher computational costs, which can become prohibitive in practice. We propose two alternative structural modifications to the classical RNN model. The first one consists on conditioning the character level representation on the previous word representation. The other one uses the character history to condition the output probability. We evaluate the performance of the two proposed modifications on challenging, multi-lingual real world data.	Alternative structures for character-level RNNs  Recurrent neural networks are convenient and efficient models for language modeling. However, when applied on the level of characters instead of words, they suffer from several problems. In order to successfully model long-term dependencies, the hidden representation needs to be large. This in turn implies higher computational costs, which can become prohibitive in practice. We propose two alternative structural modifications to the classical RNN model. The first one consists on conditioning the character level representation on the previous word representation. The other one uses the character history to condition the output probability. We evaluate the performance of the two proposed modifications on challenging, multi-lingual real world data.	405
What is a simple explanation of a language model?	ModelWizard: Toward Interactive Model Construction  Data scientists engage in model construction to discover machine learning models that well explain a dataset, in terms of predictiveness, understandability and generalization across domains. Questions such as "what if we model common cause Z" and "what if Y's dependence on X reverses" inspire many candidate models to consider and compare, yet current tools emphasize constructing a final model all at once.   To more naturally reflect exploration when debating numerous models, we propose an interactive model construction framework grounded in composable operations. Primitive operations capture core steps refining data and model that, when verified, form an inductive basis to prove model validity. Derived, composite operations enable advanced model families, both generic and specialized, abstracted away from low-level details.   We prototype our envisioned framework in ModelWizard, a domain-specific language embedded in F# to construct Tabular models. We enumerate language design and demonstrate its use through several applications, emphasizing how language may facilitate creation of complex models. To future engineers designing data science languages and tools, we offer ModelWizard's design as a new model construction paradigm, speeding discovery of our universe's structure.	ModelWizard: Toward Interactive Model Construction  Data scientists engage in model construction to discover machine learning models that well explain a dataset, in terms of predictiveness, understandability and generalization across domains. Questions such as "what if we model common cause Z" and "what if Y's dependence on X reverses" inspire many candidate models to consider and compare, yet current tools emphasize constructing a final model all at once.   To more naturally reflect exploration when debating numerous models, we propose an interactive model construction framework grounded in composable operations. Primitive operations capture core steps refining data and model that, when verified, form an inductive basis to prove model validity. Derived, composite operations enable advanced model families, both generic and specialized, abstracted away from low-level details.   We prototype our envisioned framework in ModelWizard, a domain-specific language embedded in F# to construct Tabular models. We enumerate language design and demonstrate its use through several applications, emphasizing how language may facilitate creation of complex models. To future engineers designing data science languages and tools, we offer ModelWizard's design as a new model construction paradigm, speeding discovery of our universe's structure.	394
What is the definition of word embedding (word representation)?	Low-dimensional Semantic Space: from Text to Word Embedding  This article focuses on the study of Word Embedding, a feature-learning technique in Natural Language Processing that maps words or phrases to low-dimensional vectors. Beginning with the linguistic theories concerning contextual similarities - "Distributional Hypothesis" and "Context of Situation", this article introduces two ways of numerical representation of text: One-hot and Distributed Representation. In addition, this article presents statistical-based Language Models(such as Co-occurrence Matrix and Singular Value Decomposition) as well as Neural Network Language Models (NNLM, such as Continuous Bag-of-Words and Skip-Gram). This article also analyzes how Word Embedding can be applied to the study of word-sense disambiguation and diachronic linguistics.	Low-dimensional Semantic Space: from Text to Word Embedding  This article focuses on the study of Word Embedding, a feature-learning technique in Natural Language Processing that maps words or phrases to low-dimensional vectors. Beginning with the linguistic theories concerning contextual similarities - "Distributional Hypothesis" and "Context of Situation", this article introduces two ways of numerical representation of text: One-hot and Distributed Representation. In addition, this article presents statistical-based Language Models(such as Co-occurrence Matrix and Singular Value Decomposition) as well as Neural Network Language Models (NNLM, such as Continuous Bag-of-Words and Skip-Gram). This article also analyzes how Word Embedding can be applied to the study of word-sense disambiguation and diachronic linguistics.	292
What is the definition of word embedding (word representation)?	Learning Features from Co-occurrences: A Theoretical Analysis  Representing a word by its co-occurrences with other words in context is an effective way to capture the meaning of the word. However, the theory behind remains a challenge. In this work, taking the example of a word classification task, we give a theoretical analysis of the approaches that represent a word X by a function f(P(C|X)), where C is a context feature, P(C|X) is the conditional probability estimated from a text corpus, and the function f maps the co-occurrence measure to a prediction score. We investigate the impact of context feature C and the function f. We also explain the reasons why using the co-occurrences with multiple context features may be better than just using a single one. In addition, some of the results shed light on the theory of feature learning and machine learning in general.	Learning Features from Co-occurrences: A Theoretical Analysis  Representing a word by its co-occurrences with other words in context is an effective way to capture the meaning of the word. However, the theory behind remains a challenge. In this work, taking the example of a word classification task, we give a theoretical analysis of the approaches that represent a word X by a function f(P(C|X)), where C is a context feature, P(C|X) is the conditional probability estimated from a text corpus, and the function f maps the co-occurrence measure to a prediction score. We investigate the impact of context feature C and the function f. We also explain the reasons why using the co-occurrences with multiple context features may be better than just using a single one. In addition, some of the results shed light on the theory of feature learning and machine learning in general.	295
What is the definition of word embedding (word representation)?	Joint Embedding of Words and Labels for Text Classification  Word embeddings are effective intermediate representations for capturing semantic regularities between words, when learning the representations of text sequences. We propose to view text classification as a label-word joint embedding problem: each label is embedded in the same space with the word vectors. We introduce an attention framework that measures the compatibility of embeddings between text sequences and labels. The attention is learned on a training set of labeled samples to ensure that, given a text sequence, the relevant words are weighted higher than the irrelevant ones. Our method maintains the interpretability of word embeddings, and enjoys a built-in ability to leverage alternative sources of information, in addition to input text sequences. Extensive results on the several large text datasets show that the proposed framework outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin, in terms of both accuracy and speed.	Joint Embedding of Words and Labels for Text Classification  Word embeddings are effective intermediate representations for capturing semantic regularities between words, when learning the representations of text sequences. We propose to view text classification as a label-word joint embedding problem: each label is embedded in the same space with the word vectors. We introduce an attention framework that measures the compatibility of embeddings between text sequences and labels. The attention is learned on a training set of labeled samples to ensure that, given a text sequence, the relevant words are weighted higher than the irrelevant ones. Our method maintains the interpretability of word embeddings, and enjoys a built-in ability to leverage alternative sources of information, in addition to input text sequences. Extensive results on the several large text datasets show that the proposed framework outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin, in terms of both accuracy and speed.	297
What is the definition of word embedding (word representation)?	A Multiplicative Model for Learning Distributed Text-Based Attribute   Representations  In this paper we propose a general framework for learning distributed representations of attributes: characteristics of text whose representations can be jointly learned with word embeddings. Attributes can correspond to document indicators (to learn sentence vectors), language indicators (to learn distributed language representations), meta-data and side information (such as the age, gender and industry of a blogger) or representations of authors. We describe a third-order model where word context and attribute vectors interact multiplicatively to predict the next word in a sequence. This leads to the notion of conditional word similarity: how meanings of words change when conditioned on different attributes. We perform several experimental tasks including sentiment classification, cross-lingual document classification, and blog authorship attribution. We also qualitatively evaluate conditional word neighbours and attribute-conditioned text generation.	A Multiplicative Model for Learning Distributed Text-Based Attribute   Representations  In this paper we propose a general framework for learning distributed representations of attributes: characteristics of text whose representations can be jointly learned with word embeddings. Attributes can correspond to document indicators (to learn sentence vectors), language indicators (to learn distributed language representations), meta-data and side information (such as the age, gender and industry of a blogger) or representations of authors. We describe a third-order model where word context and attribute vectors interact multiplicatively to predict the next word in a sequence. This leads to the notion of conditional word similarity: how meanings of words change when conditioned on different attributes. We perform several experimental tasks including sentiment classification, cross-lingual document classification, and blog authorship attribution. We also qualitatively evaluate conditional word neighbours and attribute-conditioned text generation.	278
What is the definition of word embedding (word representation)?	WordRep: A Benchmark for Research on Learning Word Representations  WordRep is a benchmark collection for the research on learning distributed word representations (or word embeddings), released by Microsoft Research. In this paper, we describe the details of the WordRep collection and show how to use it in different types of machine learning research related to word embedding. Specifically, we describe how the evaluation tasks in WordRep are selected, how the data are sampled, and how the evaluation tool is built. We then compare several state-of-the-art word representations on WordRep, report their evaluation performance, and make discussions on the results. After that, we discuss new potential research topics that can be supported by WordRep, in addition to algorithm comparison. We hope that this paper can help people gain deeper understanding of WordRep, and enable more interesting research on learning distributed word representations and related topics.	WordRep: A Benchmark for Research on Learning Word Representations  WordRep is a benchmark collection for the research on learning distributed word representations (or word embeddings), released by Microsoft Research. In this paper, we describe the details of the WordRep collection and show how to use it in different types of machine learning research related to word embedding. Specifically, we describe how the evaluation tasks in WordRep are selected, how the data are sampled, and how the evaluation tool is built. We then compare several state-of-the-art word representations on WordRep, report their evaluation performance, and make discussions on the results. After that, we discuss new potential research topics that can be supported by WordRep, in addition to algorithm comparison. We hope that this paper can help people gain deeper understanding of WordRep, and enable more interesting research on learning distributed word representations and related topics.	299
How is Computational Linguistics different from Natural Language Processing?	A Survey of Machine Learning for Big Code and Naturalness  Research at the intersection of machine learning, programming languages, and software engineering has recently taken important steps in proposing learnable probabilistic models of source code that exploit code's abundance of patterns. In this article, we survey this work. We contrast programming languages against natural languages and discuss how these similarities and differences drive the design of probabilistic models. We present a taxonomy based on the underlying design principles of each model and use it to navigate the literature. Then, we review how researchers have adapted these models to application areas and discuss cross-cutting and application-specific challenges and opportunities.	A Survey of Machine Learning for Big Code and Naturalness  Research at the intersection of machine learning, programming languages, and software engineering has recently taken important steps in proposing learnable probabilistic models of source code that exploit code's abundance of patterns. In this article, we survey this work. We contrast programming languages against natural languages and discuss how these similarities and differences drive the design of probabilistic models. We present a taxonomy based on the underlying design principles of each model and use it to navigate the literature. Then, we review how researchers have adapted these models to application areas and discuss cross-cutting and application-specific challenges and opportunities.	342
How is Computational Linguistics different from Natural Language Processing?	A Review on the Application of Natural Computing in Environmental   Informatics  Natural computing offers new opportunities to understand, model and analyze the complexity of the physical and human-created environment. This paper examines the application of natural computing in environmental informatics, by investigating related work in this research field. Various nature-inspired techniques are presented, which have been employed to solve different relevant problems. Advantages and disadvantages of these techniques are discussed, together with analysis of how natural computing is generally used in environmental research.	A Review on the Application of Natural Computing in Environmental   Informatics  Natural computing offers new opportunities to understand, model and analyze the complexity of the physical and human-created environment. This paper examines the application of natural computing in environmental informatics, by investigating related work in this research field. Various nature-inspired techniques are presented, which have been employed to solve different relevant problems. Advantages and disadvantages of these techniques are discussed, together with analysis of how natural computing is generally used in environmental research.	337
How is Computational Linguistics different from Natural Language Processing?	Countering Language Drift via Visual Grounding  Emergent multi-agent communication protocols are very different from natural language and not easily interpretable by humans. We find that agents that were initially pretrained to produce natural language can also experience detrimental language drift: when a non-linguistic reward is used in a goal-based task, e.g. some scalar success metric, the communication protocol may easily and radically diverge from natural language. We recast translation as a multi-agent communication game and examine auxiliary training constraints for their effectiveness in mitigating language drift. We show that a combination of syntactic (language model likelihood) and semantic (visual grounding) constraints gives the best communication performance, allowing pre-trained agents to retain English syntax while learning to accurately convey the intended meaning.	Countering Language Drift via Visual Grounding  Emergent multi-agent communication protocols are very different from natural language and not easily interpretable by humans. We find that agents that were initially pretrained to produce natural language can also experience detrimental language drift: when a non-linguistic reward is used in a goal-based task, e.g. some scalar success metric, the communication protocol may easily and radically diverge from natural language. We recast translation as a multi-agent communication game and examine auxiliary training constraints for their effectiveness in mitigating language drift. We show that a combination of syntactic (language model likelihood) and semantic (visual grounding) constraints gives the best communication performance, allowing pre-trained agents to retain English syntax while learning to accurately convey the intended meaning.	358
How is Computational Linguistics different from Natural Language Processing?	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations. Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language. NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed. Developed platforms for language comprehension, machine translation and part of speech (POS) tagging benefit from deep learning methods. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), one of the deep learning architectures, is preferred for processing sequential data such as text or audio data. In this study, Turkish POS tagging model has been proposed by using Bidirectional Long-Short Term Memory (BLSTM) which is an RNN type. The proposed POS tagging model is provided to natural language researchers with a platform that allows them to perform and use their own analysis. In the development phase of the platform developed by using BLSTM, the error rate of the POS tagger has been reduced by taking feedback with expert opinion.	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations. Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language. NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed. Developed platforms for language comprehension, machine translation and part of speech (POS) tagging benefit from deep learning methods. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), one of the deep learning architectures, is preferred for processing sequential data such as text or audio data. In this study, Turkish POS tagging model has been proposed by using Bidirectional Long-Short Term Memory (BLSTM) which is an RNN type. The proposed POS tagging model is provided to natural language researchers with a platform that allows them to perform and use their own analysis. In the development phase of the platform developed by using BLSTM, the error rate of the POS tagger has been reduced by taking feedback with expert opinion.	350
How is Computational Linguistics different from Natural Language Processing?	Computational and Robotic Models of Early Language Development: A Review  We review computational and robotics models of early language learning and development. We first explain why and how these models are used to understand better how children learn language. We argue that they provide concrete theories of language learning as a complex dynamic system, complementing traditional methods in psychology and linguistics. We review different modeling formalisms, grounded in techniques from machine learning and artificial intelligence such as Bayesian and neural network approaches. We then discuss their role in understanding several key mechanisms of language development: cross-situational statistical learning, embodiment, situated social interaction, intrinsically motivated learning, and cultural evolution. We conclude by discussing future challenges for research, including modeling of large-scale empirical data about language acquisition in real-world environments.   Keywords: Early language learning, Computational and robotic models, machine learning, development, embodiment, social interaction, intrinsic motivation, self-organization, dynamical systems, complexity.	Computational and Robotic Models of Early Language Development: A Review  We review computational and robotics models of early language learning and development. We first explain why and how these models are used to understand better how children learn language. We argue that they provide concrete theories of language learning as a complex dynamic system, complementing traditional methods in psychology and linguistics. We review different modeling formalisms, grounded in techniques from machine learning and artificial intelligence such as Bayesian and neural network approaches. We then discuss their role in understanding several key mechanisms of language development: cross-situational statistical learning, embodiment, situated social interaction, intrinsically motivated learning, and cultural evolution. We conclude by discussing future challenges for research, including modeling of large-scale empirical data about language acquisition in real-world environments.   Keywords: Early language learning, Computational and robotic models, machine learning, development, embodiment, social interaction, intrinsic motivation, self-organization, dynamical systems, complexity.	354
Natural Language Processing: What is a useful method to generate vocabulary for large corpus of data?	Attention in Natural Language Processing  Attention is an increasingly popular mechanism used in a wide range of neural architectures. The mechanism itself has been realized in a variety of formats. However, because of the fast-paced advances in this domain, a systematic overview of attention is still missing. In this article, we define a unified model for attention architectures in natural language processing, with a focus on those designed to work with vector representations of the textual data. We propose a taxonomy of attention models according to four dimensions: the representation of the input, the compatibility function, the distribution function, and the multiplicity of the input and/or output. We present the examples of how prior information can be exploited in attention models and discuss ongoing research efforts and open challenges in the area, providing the first extensive categorization of the vast body of literature in this exciting domain.	Attention in Natural Language Processing  Attention is an increasingly popular mechanism used in a wide range of neural architectures. The mechanism itself has been realized in a variety of formats. However, because of the fast-paced advances in this domain, a systematic overview of attention is still missing. In this article, we define a unified model for attention architectures in natural language processing, with a focus on those designed to work with vector representations of the textual data. We propose a taxonomy of attention models according to four dimensions: the representation of the input, the compatibility function, the distribution function, and the multiplicity of the input and/or output. We present the examples of how prior information can be exploited in attention models and discuss ongoing research efforts and open challenges in the area, providing the first extensive categorization of the vast body of literature in this exciting domain.	282
Natural Language Processing: What is a useful method to generate vocabulary for large corpus of data?	Sheaves: A Topological Approach to Big Data  This document develops general concepts useful for extracting knowledge embedded in large graphs or datasets that have pair-wise relationships, such as cause-effect-type relations. Almost no underlying assumptions are made, other than that the data can be presented in terms of pair-wise relationships between objects/events. This assumption is used to mine for patterns in the dataset, defining a reduced graph or dataset that boils-down or concentrates information into a more compact form. The resulting extracted structure or set of patterns are manifestly symbolic in nature, as they capture and encode the graph structure of the dataset in terms of a (generative) grammar. This structure is identified as having the formal mathematical structure of a sheaf. In essence, this paper introduces the basic concepts of sheaf theory into the domain of graphical datasets.	Sheaves: A Topological Approach to Big Data  This document develops general concepts useful for extracting knowledge embedded in large graphs or datasets that have pair-wise relationships, such as cause-effect-type relations. Almost no underlying assumptions are made, other than that the data can be presented in terms of pair-wise relationships between objects/events. This assumption is used to mine for patterns in the dataset, defining a reduced graph or dataset that boils-down or concentrates information into a more compact form. The resulting extracted structure or set of patterns are manifestly symbolic in nature, as they capture and encode the graph structure of the dataset in terms of a (generative) grammar. This structure is identified as having the formal mathematical structure of a sheaf. In essence, this paper introduces the basic concepts of sheaf theory into the domain of graphical datasets.	291
Natural Language Processing: What is a useful method to generate vocabulary for large corpus of data?	Automatic Generation of Natural Language Explanations  An important task for recommender system is to generate explanations according to a user's preferences. Most of the current methods for explainable recommendations use structured sentences to provide descriptions along with the recommendations they produce. However, those methods have neglected the review-oriented way of writing a text, even though it is known that these reviews have a strong influence over user's decision.   In this paper, we propose a method for the automatic generation of natural language explanations, for predicting how a user would write about an item, based on user ratings from different items' features. We design a character-level recurrent neural network (RNN) model, which generates an item's review explanations using long-short term memories (LSTM). The model generates text reviews given a combination of the review and ratings score that express opinions about different factors or aspects of an item. Our network is trained on a sub-sample from the large real-world dataset BeerAdvocate. Our empirical evaluation using natural language processing metrics shows the generated text's quality is close to a real user written review, identifying negation, misspellings, and domain specific vocabulary.	Automatic Generation of Natural Language Explanations  An important task for recommender system is to generate explanations according to a user's preferences. Most of the current methods for explainable recommendations use structured sentences to provide descriptions along with the recommendations they produce. However, those methods have neglected the review-oriented way of writing a text, even though it is known that these reviews have a strong influence over user's decision.   In this paper, we propose a method for the automatic generation of natural language explanations, for predicting how a user would write about an item, based on user ratings from different items' features. We design a character-level recurrent neural network (RNN) model, which generates an item's review explanations using long-short term memories (LSTM). The model generates text reviews given a combination of the review and ratings score that express opinions about different factors or aspects of an item. Our network is trained on a sub-sample from the large real-world dataset BeerAdvocate. Our empirical evaluation using natural language processing metrics shows the generated text's quality is close to a real user written review, identifying negation, misspellings, and domain specific vocabulary.	287
Natural Language Processing: What is a useful method to generate vocabulary for large corpus of data?	Just Add Functions: A Neural-Symbolic Language Model  Neural network language models (NNLMs) have achieved ever-improving accuracy due to more sophisticated architectures and increasing amounts of training data. However, the inductive bias of these models (formed by the distributional hypothesis of language), while ideally suited to modeling most running text, results in key limitations for today's models. In particular, the models often struggle to learn certain spatial, temporal, or quantitative relationships, which are commonplace in text and are second-nature for human readers. Yet, in many cases, these relationships can be encoded with simple mathematical or logical expressions. How can we augment today's neural models with such encodings?   In this paper, we propose a general methodology to enhance the inductive bias of NNLMs by incorporating simple functions into a neural architecture to form a hierarchical neural-symbolic language model (NSLM). These functions explicitly encode symbolic deterministic relationships to form probability distributions over words. We explore the effectiveness of this approach on numbers and geographic locations, and show that NSLMs significantly reduce perplexity in small-corpus language modeling, and that the performance improvement persists for rare tokens even on much larger corpora. The approach is simple and general, and we discuss how it can be applied to other word classes beyond numbers and geography.	Just Add Functions: A Neural-Symbolic Language Model  Neural network language models (NNLMs) have achieved ever-improving accuracy due to more sophisticated architectures and increasing amounts of training data. However, the inductive bias of these models (formed by the distributional hypothesis of language), while ideally suited to modeling most running text, results in key limitations for today's models. In particular, the models often struggle to learn certain spatial, temporal, or quantitative relationships, which are commonplace in text and are second-nature for human readers. Yet, in many cases, these relationships can be encoded with simple mathematical or logical expressions. How can we augment today's neural models with such encodings?   In this paper, we propose a general methodology to enhance the inductive bias of NNLMs by incorporating simple functions into a neural architecture to form a hierarchical neural-symbolic language model (NSLM). These functions explicitly encode symbolic deterministic relationships to form probability distributions over words. We explore the effectiveness of this approach on numbers and geographic locations, and show that NSLMs significantly reduce perplexity in small-corpus language modeling, and that the performance improvement persists for rare tokens even on much larger corpora. The approach is simple and general, and we discuss how it can be applied to other word classes beyond numbers and geography.	290
Natural Language Processing: What is a useful method to generate vocabulary for large corpus of data?	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	288
How do I learn Natural Language Processing?	Word-order biases in deep-agent emergent communication  Sequence-processing neural networks led to remarkable progress on many NLP tasks. As a consequence, there has been increasing interest in understanding to what extent they process language as humans do. We aim here to uncover which biases such models display with respect to "natural" word-order constraints. We train models to communicate about paths in a simple gridworld, using miniature languages that reflect or violate various natural language trends, such as the tendency to avoid redundancy or to minimize long-distance dependencies. We study how the controlled characteristics of our miniature languages affect individual learning and their stability across multiple network generations. The results draw a mixed picture. On the one hand, neural networks show a strong tendency to avoid long-distance dependencies. On the other hand, there is no clear preference for the efficient, non-redundant encoding of information that is widely attested in natural language. We thus suggest inoculating a notion of "effort" into neural networks, as a possible way to make their linguistic behavior more human-like.	Word-order biases in deep-agent emergent communication  Sequence-processing neural networks led to remarkable progress on many NLP tasks. As a consequence, there has been increasing interest in understanding to what extent they process language as humans do. We aim here to uncover which biases such models display with respect to "natural" word-order constraints. We train models to communicate about paths in a simple gridworld, using miniature languages that reflect or violate various natural language trends, such as the tendency to avoid redundancy or to minimize long-distance dependencies. We study how the controlled characteristics of our miniature languages affect individual learning and their stability across multiple network generations. The results draw a mixed picture. On the one hand, neural networks show a strong tendency to avoid long-distance dependencies. On the other hand, there is no clear preference for the efficient, non-redundant encoding of information that is widely attested in natural language. We thus suggest inoculating a notion of "effort" into neural networks, as a possible way to make their linguistic behavior more human-like.	470
How do I learn Natural Language Processing?	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations. Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language. NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed. Developed platforms for language comprehension, machine translation and part of speech (POS) tagging benefit from deep learning methods. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), one of the deep learning architectures, is preferred for processing sequential data such as text or audio data. In this study, Turkish POS tagging model has been proposed by using Bidirectional Long-Short Term Memory (BLSTM) which is an RNN type. The proposed POS tagging model is provided to natural language researchers with a platform that allows them to perform and use their own analysis. In the development phase of the platform developed by using BLSTM, the error rate of the POS tagger has been reduced by taking feedback with expert opinion.	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations. Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language. NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed. Developed platforms for language comprehension, machine translation and part of speech (POS) tagging benefit from deep learning methods. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), one of the deep learning architectures, is preferred for processing sequential data such as text or audio data. In this study, Turkish POS tagging model has been proposed by using Bidirectional Long-Short Term Memory (BLSTM) which is an RNN type. The proposed POS tagging model is provided to natural language researchers with a platform that allows them to perform and use their own analysis. In the development phase of the platform developed by using BLSTM, the error rate of the POS tagger has been reduced by taking feedback with expert opinion.	468
How do I learn Natural Language Processing?	Compositional Languages Emerge in a Neural Iterated Learning Model  The principle of compositionality, which enables natural language to represent complex concepts via a structured combination of simpler ones, allows us to convey an open-ended set of messages using a limited vocabulary. If compositionality is indeed a natural property of language, we may expect it to appear in communication protocols that are created by neural agents in language games. In this paper, we propose an effective neural iterated learning (NIL) algorithm that, when applied to interacting neural agents, facilitates the emergence of a more structured type of language. Indeed, these languages provide learning speed advantages to neural agents during training, which can be incrementally amplified via NIL. We provide a probabilistic model of NIL and an explanation of why the advantage of compositional language exist. Our experiments confirm our analysis, and also demonstrate that the emerged languages largely improve the generalizing power of the neural agent communication.	Compositional Languages Emerge in a Neural Iterated Learning Model  The principle of compositionality, which enables natural language to represent complex concepts via a structured combination of simpler ones, allows us to convey an open-ended set of messages using a limited vocabulary. If compositionality is indeed a natural property of language, we may expect it to appear in communication protocols that are created by neural agents in language games. In this paper, we propose an effective neural iterated learning (NIL) algorithm that, when applied to interacting neural agents, facilitates the emergence of a more structured type of language. Indeed, these languages provide learning speed advantages to neural agents during training, which can be incrementally amplified via NIL. We provide a probabilistic model of NIL and an explanation of why the advantage of compositional language exist. Our experiments confirm our analysis, and also demonstrate that the emerged languages largely improve the generalizing power of the neural agent communication.	458
How do I learn Natural Language Processing?	Natural Language Statistical Features of LSTM-generated Texts  Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks have recently shown remarkable performance in several tasks dealing with natural language generation, such as image captioning or poetry composition. Yet, only few works have analyzed text generated by LSTMs in order to quantitatively evaluate to which extent such artificial texts resemble those generated by humans. We compared the statistical structure of LSTM-generated language to that of written natural language, and to those produced by Markov models of various orders. In particular, we characterized the statistical structure of language by assessing word-frequency statistics, long-range correlations, and entropy measures. Our main finding is that while both LSTM and Markov-generated texts can exhibit features similar to real ones in their word-frequency statistics and entropy measures, LSTM-texts are shown to reproduce long-range correlations at scales comparable to those found in natural language. Moreover, for LSTM networks a temperature-like parameter controlling the generation process shows an optimal value---for which the produced texts are closest to real language---consistent across all the different statistical features investigated.	Natural Language Statistical Features of LSTM-generated Texts  Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks have recently shown remarkable performance in several tasks dealing with natural language generation, such as image captioning or poetry composition. Yet, only few works have analyzed text generated by LSTMs in order to quantitatively evaluate to which extent such artificial texts resemble those generated by humans. We compared the statistical structure of LSTM-generated language to that of written natural language, and to those produced by Markov models of various orders. In particular, we characterized the statistical structure of language by assessing word-frequency statistics, long-range correlations, and entropy measures. Our main finding is that while both LSTM and Markov-generated texts can exhibit features similar to real ones in their word-frequency statistics and entropy measures, LSTM-texts are shown to reproduce long-range correlations at scales comparable to those found in natural language. Moreover, for LSTM networks a temperature-like parameter controlling the generation process shows an optimal value---for which the produced texts are closest to real language---consistent across all the different statistical features investigated.	463
How do I learn Natural Language Processing?	Generating Sentences Using a Dynamic Canvas  We introduce the Attentive Unsupervised Text (W)riter (AUTR), which is a word level generative model for natural language. It uses a recurrent neural network with a dynamic attention and canvas memory mechanism to iteratively construct sentences. By viewing the state of the memory at intermediate stages and where the model is placing its attention, we gain insight into how it constructs sentences. We demonstrate that AUTR learns a meaningful latent representation for each sentence, and achieves competitive log-likelihood lower bounds whilst being computationally efficient. It is effective at generating and reconstructing sentences, as well as imputing missing words.	Generating Sentences Using a Dynamic Canvas  We introduce the Attentive Unsupervised Text (W)riter (AUTR), which is a word level generative model for natural language. It uses a recurrent neural network with a dynamic attention and canvas memory mechanism to iteratively construct sentences. By viewing the state of the memory at intermediate stages and where the model is placing its attention, we gain insight into how it constructs sentences. We demonstrate that AUTR learns a meaningful latent representation for each sentence, and achieves competitive log-likelihood lower bounds whilst being computationally efficient. It is effective at generating and reconstructing sentences, as well as imputing missing words.	474
Natural Language Processing: What are good algorithms related to sentiment analysis?	Discovery of Natural Language Concepts in Individual Units of CNNs  Although deep convolutional networks have achieved improved performance in many natural language tasks, they have been treated as black boxes because they are difficult to interpret. Especially, little is known about how they represent language in their intermediate layers. In an attempt to understand the representations of deep convolutional networks trained on language tasks, we show that individual units are selectively responsive to specific morphemes, words, and phrases, rather than responding to arbitrary and uninterpretable patterns. In order to quantitatively analyze such an intriguing phenomenon, we propose a concept alignment method based on how units respond to the replicated text. We conduct analyses with different architectures on multiple datasets for classification and translation tasks and provide new insights into how deep models understand natural language.	Discovery of Natural Language Concepts in Individual Units of CNNs  Although deep convolutional networks have achieved improved performance in many natural language tasks, they have been treated as black boxes because they are difficult to interpret. Especially, little is known about how they represent language in their intermediate layers. In an attempt to understand the representations of deep convolutional networks trained on language tasks, we show that individual units are selectively responsive to specific morphemes, words, and phrases, rather than responding to arbitrary and uninterpretable patterns. In order to quantitatively analyze such an intriguing phenomenon, we propose a concept alignment method based on how units respond to the replicated text. We conduct analyses with different architectures on multiple datasets for classification and translation tasks and provide new insights into how deep models understand natural language.	314
Natural Language Processing: What are good algorithms related to sentiment analysis?	Compositional Languages Emerge in a Neural Iterated Learning Model  The principle of compositionality, which enables natural language to represent complex concepts via a structured combination of simpler ones, allows us to convey an open-ended set of messages using a limited vocabulary. If compositionality is indeed a natural property of language, we may expect it to appear in communication protocols that are created by neural agents in language games. In this paper, we propose an effective neural iterated learning (NIL) algorithm that, when applied to interacting neural agents, facilitates the emergence of a more structured type of language. Indeed, these languages provide learning speed advantages to neural agents during training, which can be incrementally amplified via NIL. We provide a probabilistic model of NIL and an explanation of why the advantage of compositional language exist. Our experiments confirm our analysis, and also demonstrate that the emerged languages largely improve the generalizing power of the neural agent communication.	Compositional Languages Emerge in a Neural Iterated Learning Model  The principle of compositionality, which enables natural language to represent complex concepts via a structured combination of simpler ones, allows us to convey an open-ended set of messages using a limited vocabulary. If compositionality is indeed a natural property of language, we may expect it to appear in communication protocols that are created by neural agents in language games. In this paper, we propose an effective neural iterated learning (NIL) algorithm that, when applied to interacting neural agents, facilitates the emergence of a more structured type of language. Indeed, these languages provide learning speed advantages to neural agents during training, which can be incrementally amplified via NIL. We provide a probabilistic model of NIL and an explanation of why the advantage of compositional language exist. Our experiments confirm our analysis, and also demonstrate that the emerged languages largely improve the generalizing power of the neural agent communication.	320
Natural Language Processing: What are good algorithms related to sentiment analysis?	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	333
Natural Language Processing: What are good algorithms related to sentiment analysis?	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	338
Natural Language Processing: What are good algorithms related to sentiment analysis?	Search-based Structured Prediction  We present Searn, an algorithm for integrating search and learning to solve complex structured prediction problems such as those that occur in natural language, speech, computational biology, and vision. Searn is a meta-algorithm that transforms these complex problems into simple classification problems to which any binary classifier may be applied. Unlike current algorithms for structured learning that require decomposition of both the loss function and the feature functions over the predicted structure, Searn is able to learn prediction functions for any loss function and any class of features. Moreover, Searn comes with a strong, natural theoretical guarantee: good performance on the derived classification problems implies good performance on the structured prediction problem.	Search-based Structured Prediction  We present Searn, an algorithm for integrating search and learning to solve complex structured prediction problems such as those that occur in natural language, speech, computational biology, and vision. Searn is a meta-algorithm that transforms these complex problems into simple classification problems to which any binary classifier may be applied. Unlike current algorithms for structured learning that require decomposition of both the loss function and the feature functions over the predicted structure, Searn is able to learn prediction functions for any loss function and any class of features. Moreover, Searn comes with a strong, natural theoretical guarantee: good performance on the derived classification problems implies good performance on the structured prediction problem.	337
What makes natural language processing difficult?	The Emergence of Compositional Languages for Numeric Concepts Through   Iterated Learning in Neural Agents  Since first introduced, computer simulation has been an increasingly important tool in evolutionary linguistics. Recently, with the development of deep learning techniques, research in grounded language learning has also started to focus on facilitating the emergence of compositional languages without pre-defined elementary linguistic knowledge. In this work, we explore the emergence of compositional languages for numeric concepts in multi-agent communication systems. We demonstrate that compositional language for encoding numeric concepts can emerge through iterated learning in populations of deep neural network agents. However, language properties greatly depend on the input representations given to agents. We found that compositional languages only emerge if they require less iterations to be fully learnt than other non-degenerate languages for agents on a given input representation.	The Emergence of Compositional Languages for Numeric Concepts Through   Iterated Learning in Neural Agents  Since first introduced, computer simulation has been an increasingly important tool in evolutionary linguistics. Recently, with the development of deep learning techniques, research in grounded language learning has also started to focus on facilitating the emergence of compositional languages without pre-defined elementary linguistic knowledge. In this work, we explore the emergence of compositional languages for numeric concepts in multi-agent communication systems. We demonstrate that compositional language for encoding numeric concepts can emerge through iterated learning in populations of deep neural network agents. However, language properties greatly depend on the input representations given to agents. We found that compositional languages only emerge if they require less iterations to be fully learnt than other non-degenerate languages for agents on a given input representation.	395
What makes natural language processing difficult?	Emergence of Writing Systems Through Multi-Agent Cooperation  Learning to communicate is considered an essential task to develop a general AI. While recent literature in language evolution has studied emergent language through discrete or continuous message symbols, there has been little work in the emergence of writing systems in artificial agents. In this paper, we present a referential game setup with two agents, where the mode of communication is a written language system that emerges during the play. We show that the agents can learn to coordinate successfully using this mode of communication. Further, we study how the game rules affect the writing system taxonomy by proposing a consistency metric.	Emergence of Writing Systems Through Multi-Agent Cooperation  Learning to communicate is considered an essential task to develop a general AI. While recent literature in language evolution has studied emergent language through discrete or continuous message symbols, there has been little work in the emergence of writing systems in artificial agents. In this paper, we present a referential game setup with two agents, where the mode of communication is a written language system that emerges during the play. We show that the agents can learn to coordinate successfully using this mode of communication. Further, we study how the game rules affect the writing system taxonomy by proposing a consistency metric.	404
What makes natural language processing difficult?	Emergence of Compositional Language with Deep Generational Transmission  Recent work has studied the emergence of language among deep reinforcement learning agents that must collaborate to solve a task. Of particular interest are the factors that cause language to be compositional -- i.e., express meaning by combining words which themselves have meaning. Evolutionary linguists have found that in addition to structural priors like those already studied in deep learning, the dynamics of transmitting language from generation to generation contribute significantly to the emergence of compositionality. In this paper, we introduce these cultural evolutionary dynamics into language emergence by periodically replacing agents in a population to create a knowledge gap, implicitly inducing cultural transmission of language. We show that this implicit cultural transmission encourages the resulting languages to exhibit better compositional generalization.	Emergence of Compositional Language with Deep Generational Transmission  Recent work has studied the emergence of language among deep reinforcement learning agents that must collaborate to solve a task. Of particular interest are the factors that cause language to be compositional -- i.e., express meaning by combining words which themselves have meaning. Evolutionary linguists have found that in addition to structural priors like those already studied in deep learning, the dynamics of transmitting language from generation to generation contribute significantly to the emergence of compositionality. In this paper, we introduce these cultural evolutionary dynamics into language emergence by periodically replacing agents in a population to create a knowledge gap, implicitly inducing cultural transmission of language. We show that this implicit cultural transmission encourages the resulting languages to exhibit better compositional generalization.	407
What makes natural language processing difficult?	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	372
What makes natural language processing difficult?	Inducing Language Networks from Continuous Space Word Representations  Recent advancements in unsupervised feature learning have developed powerful latent representations of words. However, it is still not clear what makes one representation better than another and how we can learn the ideal representation. Understanding the structure of latent spaces attained is key to any future advancement in unsupervised learning. In this work, we introduce a new view of continuous space word representations as language networks. We explore two techniques to create language networks from learned features by inducing them for two popular word representation methods and examining the properties of their resulting networks. We find that the induced networks differ from other methods of creating language networks, and that they contain meaningful community structure.	Inducing Language Networks from Continuous Space Word Representations  Recent advancements in unsupervised feature learning have developed powerful latent representations of words. However, it is still not clear what makes one representation better than another and how we can learn the ideal representation. Understanding the structure of latent spaces attained is key to any future advancement in unsupervised learning. In this work, we introduce a new view of continuous space word representations as language networks. We explore two techniques to create language networks from learned features by inducing them for two popular word representation methods and examining the properties of their resulting networks. We find that the induced networks differ from other methods of creating language networks, and that they contain meaningful community structure.	391
What are the ten most popular algorithms in natural language processing?	Naturalizing a Programming Language via Interactive Learning  Our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well-specified but complex actions such as analyzing data, manipulating text, and querying databases. However, existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language. To bridge this gap, we start with a core programming language and allow users to "naturalize" the core language incrementally by defining alternative, more natural syntax and increasingly complex concepts in terms of compositions of simpler ones. In a voxel world, we show that a community of users can simultaneously teach a common system a diverse language and use it to build hundreds of complex voxel structures. Over the course of three days, these users went from using only the core language to using the naturalized language in 85.9\% of the last 10K utterances.	Naturalizing a Programming Language via Interactive Learning  Our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well-specified but complex actions such as analyzing data, manipulating text, and querying databases. However, existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language. To bridge this gap, we start with a core programming language and allow users to "naturalize" the core language incrementally by defining alternative, more natural syntax and increasingly complex concepts in terms of compositions of simpler ones. In a voxel world, we show that a community of users can simultaneously teach a common system a diverse language and use it to build hundreds of complex voxel structures. Over the course of three days, these users went from using only the core language to using the naturalized language in 85.9\% of the last 10K utterances.	397
What are the ten most popular algorithms in natural language processing?	Attention in Natural Language Processing  Attention is an increasingly popular mechanism used in a wide range of neural architectures. The mechanism itself has been realized in a variety of formats. However, because of the fast-paced advances in this domain, a systematic overview of attention is still missing. In this article, we define a unified model for attention architectures in natural language processing, with a focus on those designed to work with vector representations of the textual data. We propose a taxonomy of attention models according to four dimensions: the representation of the input, the compatibility function, the distribution function, and the multiplicity of the input and/or output. We present the examples of how prior information can be exploited in attention models and discuss ongoing research efforts and open challenges in the area, providing the first extensive categorization of the vast body of literature in this exciting domain.	Attention in Natural Language Processing  Attention is an increasingly popular mechanism used in a wide range of neural architectures. The mechanism itself has been realized in a variety of formats. However, because of the fast-paced advances in this domain, a systematic overview of attention is still missing. In this article, we define a unified model for attention architectures in natural language processing, with a focus on those designed to work with vector representations of the textual data. We propose a taxonomy of attention models according to four dimensions: the representation of the input, the compatibility function, the distribution function, and the multiplicity of the input and/or output. We present the examples of how prior information can be exploited in attention models and discuss ongoing research efforts and open challenges in the area, providing the first extensive categorization of the vast body of literature in this exciting domain.	385
What are the ten most popular algorithms in natural language processing?	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	394
What are the ten most popular algorithms in natural language processing?	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	390
What are the ten most popular algorithms in natural language processing?	Fine-grained Sentiment Classification using BERT  Sentiment classification is an important process in understanding people's perception towards a product, service, or topic. Many natural language processing models have been proposed to solve the sentiment classification problem. However, most of them have focused on binary sentiment classification. In this paper, we use a promising deep learning model called BERT to solve the fine-grained sentiment classification task. Experiments show that our model outperforms other popular models for this task without sophisticated architecture. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of transfer learning in natural language processing in the process.	Fine-grained Sentiment Classification using BERT  Sentiment classification is an important process in understanding people's perception towards a product, service, or topic. Many natural language processing models have been proposed to solve the sentiment classification problem. However, most of them have focused on binary sentiment classification. In this paper, we use a promising deep learning model called BERT to solve the fine-grained sentiment classification task. Experiments show that our model outperforms other popular models for this task without sophisticated architecture. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of transfer learning in natural language processing in the process.	386
What is the most interesting new work in deep learning for NLP in 2017?	A Selective Overview of Deep Learning  Deep learning has arguably achieved tremendous success in recent years. In simple words, deep learning uses the composition of many nonlinear functions to model the complex dependency between input features and labels. While neural networks have a long history, recent advances have greatly improved their performance in computer vision, natural language processing, etc. From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e.g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	A Selective Overview of Deep Learning  Deep learning has arguably achieved tremendous success in recent years. In simple words, deep learning uses the composition of many nonlinear functions to model the complex dependency between input features and labels. While neural networks have a long history, recent advances have greatly improved their performance in computer vision, natural language processing, etc. From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e.g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	398
What is the most interesting new work in deep learning for NLP in 2017?	Deep Learning for Human Affect Recognition: Insights and New   Developments  Automatic human affect recognition is a key step towards more natural human-computer interaction. Recent trends include recognition in the wild using a fusion of audiovisual and physiological sensors, a challenging setting for conventional machine learning algorithms. Since 2010, novel deep learning algorithms have been applied increasingly in this field. In this paper, we review the literature on human affect recognition between 2010 and 2017, with a special focus on approaches using deep neural networks. By classifying a total of 950 studies according to their usage of shallow or deep architectures, we are able to show a trend towards deep learning. Reviewing a subset of 233 studies that employ deep neural networks, we comprehensively quantify their applications in this field. We find that deep learning is used for learning of (i) spatial feature representations, (ii) temporal feature representations, and (iii) joint feature representations for multimodal sensor data. Exemplary state-of-the-art architectures illustrate the progress. Our findings show the role deep architectures will play in human affect recognition, and can serve as a reference point for researchers working on related applications.	Deep Learning for Human Affect Recognition: Insights and New   Developments  Automatic human affect recognition is a key step towards more natural human-computer interaction. Recent trends include recognition in the wild using a fusion of audiovisual and physiological sensors, a challenging setting for conventional machine learning algorithms. Since 2010, novel deep learning algorithms have been applied increasingly in this field. In this paper, we review the literature on human affect recognition between 2010 and 2017, with a special focus on approaches using deep neural networks. By classifying a total of 950 studies according to their usage of shallow or deep architectures, we are able to show a trend towards deep learning. Reviewing a subset of 233 studies that employ deep neural networks, we comprehensively quantify their applications in this field. We find that deep learning is used for learning of (i) spatial feature representations, (ii) temporal feature representations, and (iii) joint feature representations for multimodal sensor data. Exemplary state-of-the-art architectures illustrate the progress. Our findings show the role deep architectures will play in human affect recognition, and can serve as a reference point for researchers working on related applications.	367
What is the most interesting new work in deep learning for NLP in 2017?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	394
What is the most interesting new work in deep learning for NLP in 2017?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them. In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	397
What is the most interesting new work in deep learning for NLP in 2017?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation. In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively. We conclude, based on the experiments, the coding criterion is successful in building program representations. To evaluate whether deep learning is beneficial for program analysis, we feed the representations to deep neural networks, and achieve higher accuracy in the program classification task than "shallow" methods, such as logistic regression and the support vector machine. This result confirms the feasibility of deep learning to analyze programs. It also gives primary evidence of its success in this new field. We believe deep learning will become an outstanding technique for program analysis in the near future.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation. In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively. We conclude, based on the experiments, the coding criterion is successful in building program representations. To evaluate whether deep learning is beneficial for program analysis, we feed the representations to deep neural networks, and achieve higher accuracy in the program classification task than "shallow" methods, such as logistic regression and the support vector machine. This result confirms the feasibility of deep learning to analyze programs. It also gives primary evidence of its success in this new field. We believe deep learning will become an outstanding technique for program analysis in the near future.	391
How is word2vec different from the RNN encoder decoder?	Refining Source Representations with Relation Networks for Neural   Machine Translation  Although neural machine translation (NMT) with the encoder-decoder framework has achieved great success in recent times, it still suffers from some drawbacks: RNNs tend to forget old information which is often useful and the encoder only operates through words without considering word relationship. To solve these problems, we introduce a relation networks (RN) into NMT to refine the encoding representations of the source. In our method, the RN first augments the representation of each source word with its neighbors and reasons all the possible pairwise relations between them. Then the source representations and all the relations are fed to the attention module and the decoder together, keeping the main encoder-decoder architecture unchanged. Experiments on two Chinese-to-English data sets in different scales both show that our method can outperform the competitive baselines significantly.	Refining Source Representations with Relation Networks for Neural   Machine Translation  Although neural machine translation (NMT) with the encoder-decoder framework has achieved great success in recent times, it still suffers from some drawbacks: RNNs tend to forget old information which is often useful and the encoder only operates through words without considering word relationship. To solve these problems, we introduce a relation networks (RN) into NMT to refine the encoding representations of the source. In our method, the RN first augments the representation of each source word with its neighbors and reasons all the possible pairwise relations between them. Then the source representations and all the relations are fed to the attention module and the decoder together, keeping the main encoder-decoder architecture unchanged. Experiments on two Chinese-to-English data sets in different scales both show that our method can outperform the competitive baselines significantly.	371
How is word2vec different from the RNN encoder decoder?	Dependency Recurrent Neural Language Models for Sentence Completion  Recent work on language modelling has shifted focus from count-based models to neural models. In these works, the words in each sentence are always considered in a left-to-right order. In this paper we show how we can improve the performance of the recurrent neural network (RNN) language model by incorporating the syntactic dependencies of a sentence, which have the effect of bringing relevant contexts closer to the word being predicted. We evaluate our approach on the Microsoft Research Sentence Completion Challenge and show that the dependency RNN proposed improves over the RNN by about 10 points in accuracy. Furthermore, we achieve results comparable with the state-of-the-art models on this task.	Dependency Recurrent Neural Language Models for Sentence Completion  Recent work on language modelling has shifted focus from count-based models to neural models. In these works, the words in each sentence are always considered in a left-to-right order. In this paper we show how we can improve the performance of the recurrent neural network (RNN) language model by incorporating the syntactic dependencies of a sentence, which have the effect of bringing relevant contexts closer to the word being predicted. We evaluate our approach on the Microsoft Research Sentence Completion Challenge and show that the dependency RNN proposed improves over the RNN by about 10 points in accuracy. Furthermore, we achieve results comparable with the state-of-the-art models on this task.	344
How is word2vec different from the RNN encoder decoder?	Exploiting Invertible Decoders for Unsupervised Sentence Representation   Learning  The encoder-decoder models for unsupervised sentence representation learning tend to discard the decoder after being trained on a large unlabelled corpus, since only the encoder is needed to map the input sentence into a vector representation. However, parameters learnt in the decoder also contain useful information about language. In order to utilise the decoder after learning, we present two types of decoding functions whose inverse can be easily derived without expensive inverse calculation. Therefore, the inverse of the decoding function serves as another encoder that produces sentence representations. We show that, with careful design of the decoding functions, the model learns good sentence representations, and the ensemble of the representations produced from the encoder and the inverse of the decoder demonstrate even better generalisation ability and solid transferability.	Exploiting Invertible Decoders for Unsupervised Sentence Representation   Learning  The encoder-decoder models for unsupervised sentence representation learning tend to discard the decoder after being trained on a large unlabelled corpus, since only the encoder is needed to map the input sentence into a vector representation. However, parameters learnt in the decoder also contain useful information about language. In order to utilise the decoder after learning, we present two types of decoding functions whose inverse can be easily derived without expensive inverse calculation. Therefore, the inverse of the decoding function serves as another encoder that produces sentence representations. We show that, with careful design of the decoding functions, the model learns good sentence representations, and the ensemble of the representations produced from the encoder and the inverse of the decoder demonstrate even better generalisation ability and solid transferability.	373
How is word2vec different from the RNN encoder decoder?	Empirical Autopsy of Deep Video Captioning Frameworks  Contemporary deep learning based video captioning follows encoder-decoder framework. In encoder, visual features are extracted with 2D/3D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and a transformed version of those features is passed to the decoder. The decoder uses word embeddings and a language model to map visual features to natural language captions. Due to its composite nature, the encoder-decoder pipeline provides the freedom of multiple choices for each of its components, e.g the choices of CNNs models, feature transformations, word embeddings, and language models etc. Component selection can have drastic effects on the overall video captioning performance. However, current literature is void of any systematic investigation in this regard. This article fills this gap by providing the first thorough empirical analysis of the role that each major component plays in a contemporary video captioning pipeline. We perform extensive experiments by varying the constituent components of the video captioning framework, and quantify the performance gains that are possible by mere component selection. We use the popular MSVD dataset as the test-bed, and demonstrate that substantial performance gains are possible by careful selection of the constituent components without major changes to the pipeline itself. These results are expected to provide guiding principles for future research in the fast growing direction of video captioning.	Empirical Autopsy of Deep Video Captioning Frameworks  Contemporary deep learning based video captioning follows encoder-decoder framework. In encoder, visual features are extracted with 2D/3D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and a transformed version of those features is passed to the decoder. The decoder uses word embeddings and a language model to map visual features to natural language captions. Due to its composite nature, the encoder-decoder pipeline provides the freedom of multiple choices for each of its components, e.g the choices of CNNs models, feature transformations, word embeddings, and language models etc. Component selection can have drastic effects on the overall video captioning performance. However, current literature is void of any systematic investigation in this regard. This article fills this gap by providing the first thorough empirical analysis of the role that each major component plays in a contemporary video captioning pipeline. We perform extensive experiments by varying the constituent components of the video captioning framework, and quantify the performance gains that are possible by mere component selection. We use the popular MSVD dataset as the test-bed, and demonstrate that substantial performance gains are possible by careful selection of the constituent components without major changes to the pipeline itself. These results are expected to provide guiding principles for future research in the fast growing direction of video captioning.	362
How is word2vec different from the RNN encoder decoder?	Comparison of RNN Encoder-Decoder Models for Anomaly Detection  In this paper, we compare different types of Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) Encoder-Decoders in anomaly detection viewpoint. We focused on finding the model that can learn the same data more effectively. We compared multiple models under the same conditions, such as the number of parameters, optimizer, and learning rate. However, the difference is whether to predict the future sequence or restore the current sequence. We constructed the dataset with simple vectors and used them for the experiment. Finally, we experimentally confirmed that the model performs better when the model restores the current sequence, rather than predict the future sequence.	Comparison of RNN Encoder-Decoder Models for Anomaly Detection  In this paper, we compare different types of Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) Encoder-Decoders in anomaly detection viewpoint. We focused on finding the model that can learn the same data more effectively. We compared multiple models under the same conditions, such as the number of parameters, optimizer, and learning rate. However, the difference is whether to predict the future sequence or restore the current sequence. We constructed the dataset with simple vectors and used them for the experiment. Finally, we experimentally confirmed that the model performs better when the model restores the current sequence, rather than predict the future sequence.	355
How does word2vec work?	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors. Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory. Here, we used approaches inspired by quantum computing to propose two related methods, {\em word2ket} and {\em word2ketXS}, for storing word embedding matrix during training and inference in a highly efficient way. Our approach achieves a hundred-fold or more reduction in the space required to store the embeddings with almost no relative drop in accuracy in practical natural language processing tasks.	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors. Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory. Here, we used approaches inspired by quantum computing to propose two related methods, {\em word2ket} and {\em word2ketXS}, for storing word embedding matrix during training and inference in a highly efficient way. Our approach achieves a hundred-fold or more reduction in the space required to store the embeddings with almost no relative drop in accuracy in practical natural language processing tasks.	443
How does word2vec work?	An Analysis of Word2Vec for the Italian Language  Word representation is fundamental in NLP tasks, because it is precisely from the coding of semantic closeness between words that it is possible to think of teaching a machine to understand text. Despite the spread of word embedding concepts, still few are the achievements in linguistic contexts other than English. In this work, analysing the semantic capacity of the Word2Vec algorithm, an embedding for the Italian language is produced. Parameter setting such as the number of epochs, the size of the context window and the number of negatively backpropagated samples is explored.	An Analysis of Word2Vec for the Italian Language  Word representation is fundamental in NLP tasks, because it is precisely from the coding of semantic closeness between words that it is possible to think of teaching a machine to understand text. Despite the spread of word embedding concepts, still few are the achievements in linguistic contexts other than English. In this work, analysing the semantic capacity of the Word2Vec algorithm, an embedding for the Italian language is produced. Parameter setting such as the number of epochs, the size of the context window and the number of negatively backpropagated samples is explored.	470
How does word2vec work?	Context encoders as a simple but powerful extension of word2vec  With a simple architecture and the ability to learn meaningful word embeddings efficiently from texts containing billions of words, word2vec remains one of the most popular neural language models used today. However, as only a single embedding is learned for every word in the vocabulary, the model fails to optimally represent words with multiple meanings. Additionally, it is not possible to create embeddings for new (out-of-vocabulary) words on the spot. Based on an intuitive interpretation of the continuous bag-of-words (CBOW) word2vec model's negative sampling training objective in terms of predicting context based similarities, we motivate an extension of the model we call context encoders (ConEc). By multiplying the matrix of trained word2vec embeddings with a word's average context vector, out-of-vocabulary (OOV) embeddings and representations for a word with multiple meanings can be created based on the word's local contexts. The benefits of this approach are illustrated by using these word embeddings as features in the CoNLL 2003 named entity recognition (NER) task.	Context encoders as a simple but powerful extension of word2vec  With a simple architecture and the ability to learn meaningful word embeddings efficiently from texts containing billions of words, word2vec remains one of the most popular neural language models used today. However, as only a single embedding is learned for every word in the vocabulary, the model fails to optimally represent words with multiple meanings. Additionally, it is not possible to create embeddings for new (out-of-vocabulary) words on the spot. Based on an intuitive interpretation of the continuous bag-of-words (CBOW) word2vec model's negative sampling training objective in terms of predicting context based similarities, we motivate an extension of the model we call context encoders (ConEc). By multiplying the matrix of trained word2vec embeddings with a word's average context vector, out-of-vocabulary (OOV) embeddings and representations for a word with multiple meanings can be created based on the word's local contexts. The benefits of this approach are illustrated by using these word embeddings as features in the CoNLL 2003 named entity recognition (NER) task.	462
How does word2vec work?	Efficient Vector Representation for Documents through Corruption  We present an efficient document representation learning framework, Document Vector through Corruption (Doc2VecC). Doc2VecC represents each document as a simple average of word embeddings. It ensures a representation generated as such captures the semantic meanings of the document during learning. A corruption model is included, which introduces a data-dependent regularization that favors informative or rare words while forcing the embeddings of common and non-discriminative ones to be close to zero. Doc2VecC produces significantly better word embeddings than Word2Vec. We compare Doc2VecC with several state-of-the-art document representation learning algorithms. The simple model architecture introduced by Doc2VecC matches or out-performs the state-of-the-art in generating high-quality document representations for sentiment analysis, document classification as well as semantic relatedness tasks. The simplicity of the model enables training on billions of words per hour on a single machine. At the same time, the model is very efficient in generating representations of unseen documents at test time.	Efficient Vector Representation for Documents through Corruption  We present an efficient document representation learning framework, Document Vector through Corruption (Doc2VecC). Doc2VecC represents each document as a simple average of word embeddings. It ensures a representation generated as such captures the semantic meanings of the document during learning. A corruption model is included, which introduces a data-dependent regularization that favors informative or rare words while forcing the embeddings of common and non-discriminative ones to be close to zero. Doc2VecC produces significantly better word embeddings than Word2Vec. We compare Doc2VecC with several state-of-the-art document representation learning algorithms. The simple model architecture introduced by Doc2VecC matches or out-performs the state-of-the-art in generating high-quality document representations for sentiment analysis, document classification as well as semantic relatedness tasks. The simplicity of the model enables training on billions of words per hour on a single machine. At the same time, the model is very efficient in generating representations of unseen documents at test time.	463
How does word2vec work?	What the Vec? Towards Probabilistically Grounded Embeddings  Word2Vec (W2V) and GloVe are popular, fast and efficient word embedding algorithms. Their embeddings are widely used and perform well on a variety of natural language processing tasks. Moreover, W2V has recently been adopted in the field of graph embedding, where it underpins several leading algorithms. However, despite their ubiquity and relatively simple model architecture, a theoretical understanding of what the embedding parameters of W2V and GloVe learn and why that is useful in downstream tasks has been lacking. We show that different interactions between PMI vectors reflect semantic word relationships, such as similarity and paraphrasing, that are encoded in low dimensional word embeddings under a suitable projection, theoretically explaining why embeddings of W2V and GloVe work. As a consequence, we also reveal an interesting mathematical interconnection between the considered semantic relationships themselves.	What the Vec? Towards Probabilistically Grounded Embeddings  Word2Vec (W2V) and GloVe are popular, fast and efficient word embedding algorithms. Their embeddings are widely used and perform well on a variety of natural language processing tasks. Moreover, W2V has recently been adopted in the field of graph embedding, where it underpins several leading algorithms. However, despite their ubiquity and relatively simple model architecture, a theoretical understanding of what the embedding parameters of W2V and GloVe learn and why that is useful in downstream tasks has been lacking. We show that different interactions between PMI vectors reflect semantic word relationships, such as similarity and paraphrasing, that are encoded in low dimensional word embeddings under a suitable projection, theoretically explaining why embeddings of W2V and GloVe work. As a consequence, we also reveal an interesting mathematical interconnection between the considered semantic relationships themselves.	451
Whats the difference between word vectors, word representations and vector embeddings?	Counter-fitting Word Vectors to Linguistic Constraints  In this work, we present a novel counter-fitting method which injects antonymy and synonymy constraints into vector space representations in order to improve the vectors' capability for judging semantic similarity. Applying this method to publicly available pre-trained word vectors leads to a new state of the art performance on the SimLex-999 dataset. We also show how the method can be used to tailor the word vector space for the downstream task of dialogue state tracking, resulting in robust improvements across different dialogue domains.	Counter-fitting Word Vectors to Linguistic Constraints  In this work, we present a novel counter-fitting method which injects antonymy and synonymy constraints into vector space representations in order to improve the vectors' capability for judging semantic similarity. Applying this method to publicly available pre-trained word vectors leads to a new state of the art performance on the SimLex-999 dataset. We also show how the method can be used to tailor the word vector space for the downstream task of dialogue state tracking, resulting in robust improvements across different dialogue domains.	325
Whats the difference between word vectors, word representations and vector embeddings?	Word Embeddings: A Survey  This work lists and describes the main recent strategies for building fixed-length, dense and distributed representations for words, based on the distributional hypothesis. These representations are now commonly called word embeddings and, in addition to encoding surprisingly good syntactic and semantic information, have been proven useful as extra features in many downstream NLP tasks.	Word Embeddings: A Survey  This work lists and describes the main recent strategies for building fixed-length, dense and distributed representations for words, based on the distributional hypothesis. These representations are now commonly called word embeddings and, in addition to encoding surprisingly good syntactic and semantic information, have been proven useful as extra features in many downstream NLP tasks.	323
Whats the difference between word vectors, word representations and vector embeddings?	Unsupervised Post-processing of Word Vectors via Conceptor Negation  Word vectors are at the core of many natural language processing tasks. Recently, there has been interest in post-processing word vectors to enrich their semantic information. In this paper, we introduce a novel word vector post-processing technique based on matrix conceptors (Jaeger2014), a family of regularized identity maps. More concretely, we propose to use conceptors to suppress those latent features of word vectors having high variances. The proposed method is purely unsupervised: it does not rely on any corpus or external linguistic database. We evaluate the post-processed word vectors on a battery of intrinsic lexical evaluation tasks, showing that the proposed method consistently outperforms existing state-of-the-art alternatives. We also show that post-processed word vectors can be used for the downstream natural language processing task of dialogue state tracking, yielding improved results in different dialogue domains.	Unsupervised Post-processing of Word Vectors via Conceptor Negation  Word vectors are at the core of many natural language processing tasks. Recently, there has been interest in post-processing word vectors to enrich their semantic information. In this paper, we introduce a novel word vector post-processing technique based on matrix conceptors (Jaeger2014), a family of regularized identity maps. More concretely, we propose to use conceptors to suppress those latent features of word vectors having high variances. The proposed method is purely unsupervised: it does not rely on any corpus or external linguistic database. We evaluate the post-processed word vectors on a battery of intrinsic lexical evaluation tasks, showing that the proposed method consistently outperforms existing state-of-the-art alternatives. We also show that post-processed word vectors can be used for the downstream natural language processing task of dialogue state tracking, yielding improved results in different dialogue domains.	338
Whats the difference between word vectors, word representations and vector embeddings?	Exploring Sentence Vector Spaces through Automatic Summarization  Given vector representations for individual words, it is necessary to compute vector representations of sentences for many applications in a compositional manner, often using artificial neural networks.   Relatively little work has explored the internal structure and properties of such sentence vectors. In this paper, we explore the properties of sentence vectors in the context of automatic summarization. In particular, we show that cosine similarity between sentence vectors and document vectors is strongly correlated with sentence importance and that vector semantics can identify and correct gaps between the sentences chosen so far and the document. In addition, we identify specific dimensions which are linked to effective summaries. To our knowledge, this is the first time specific dimensions of sentence embeddings have been connected to sentence properties. We also compare the features of different methods of sentence embeddings. Many of these insights have applications in uses of sentence embeddings far beyond summarization.	Exploring Sentence Vector Spaces through Automatic Summarization  Given vector representations for individual words, it is necessary to compute vector representations of sentences for many applications in a compositional manner, often using artificial neural networks.   Relatively little work has explored the internal structure and properties of such sentence vectors. In this paper, we explore the properties of sentence vectors in the context of automatic summarization. In particular, we show that cosine similarity between sentence vectors and document vectors is strongly correlated with sentence importance and that vector semantics can identify and correct gaps between the sentences chosen so far and the document. In addition, we identify specific dimensions which are linked to effective summaries. To our knowledge, this is the first time specific dimensions of sentence embeddings have been connected to sentence properties. We also compare the features of different methods of sentence embeddings. Many of these insights have applications in uses of sentence embeddings far beyond summarization.	316
Whats the difference between word vectors, word representations and vector embeddings?	Concept Embedding for Information Retrieval  Concepts are used to solve the term-mismatch problem. However, we need an effective similarity measure between concepts. Word embedding presents a promising solution. We present in this study three approaches to build concepts vectors based on words vectors. We use a vector-based measure to estimate inter-concepts similarity. Our experiments show promising results. Furthermore, words and concepts become comparable. This could be used to improve conceptual indexing process.	Concept Embedding for Information Retrieval  Concepts are used to solve the term-mismatch problem. However, we need an effective similarity measure between concepts. Word embedding presents a promising solution. We present in this study three approaches to build concepts vectors based on words vectors. We use a vector-based measure to estimate inter-concepts similarity. Our experiments show promising results. Furthermore, words and concepts become comparable. This could be used to improve conceptual indexing process.	339
What are some interesting Word2Vec results?	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors. Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory. Here, we used approaches inspired by quantum computing to propose two related methods, {\em word2ket} and {\em word2ketXS}, for storing word embedding matrix during training and inference in a highly efficient way. Our approach achieves a hundred-fold or more reduction in the space required to store the embeddings with almost no relative drop in accuracy in practical natural language processing tasks.	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors. Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory. Here, we used approaches inspired by quantum computing to propose two related methods, {\em word2ket} and {\em word2ketXS}, for storing word embedding matrix during training and inference in a highly efficient way. Our approach achieves a hundred-fold or more reduction in the space required to store the embeddings with almost no relative drop in accuracy in practical natural language processing tasks.	354
What are some interesting Word2Vec results?	An Analysis of Word2Vec for the Italian Language  Word representation is fundamental in NLP tasks, because it is precisely from the coding of semantic closeness between words that it is possible to think of teaching a machine to understand text. Despite the spread of word embedding concepts, still few are the achievements in linguistic contexts other than English. In this work, analysing the semantic capacity of the Word2Vec algorithm, an embedding for the Italian language is produced. Parameter setting such as the number of epochs, the size of the context window and the number of negatively backpropagated samples is explored.	An Analysis of Word2Vec for the Italian Language  Word representation is fundamental in NLP tasks, because it is precisely from the coding of semantic closeness between words that it is possible to think of teaching a machine to understand text. Despite the spread of word embedding concepts, still few are the achievements in linguistic contexts other than English. In this work, analysing the semantic capacity of the Word2Vec algorithm, an embedding for the Italian language is produced. Parameter setting such as the number of epochs, the size of the context window and the number of negatively backpropagated samples is explored.	335
What are some interesting Word2Vec results?	Deconstructing and reconstructing word embedding algorithms  Uncontextualized word embeddings are reliable feature representations of words used to obtain high quality results for various NLP applications. Given the historical success of word embeddings in NLP, we propose a retrospective on some of the most well-known word embedding algorithms. In this work, we deconstruct Word2vec, GloVe, and others, into a common form, unveiling some of the necessary and sufficient conditions required for making performant word embeddings. We find that each algorithm: (1) fits vector-covector dot products to approximate pointwise mutual information (PMI); and, (2) modulates the loss gradient to balance weak and strong signals. We demonstrate that these two algorithmic features are sufficient conditions to construct a novel word embedding algorithm, Hilbert-MLE. We find that its embeddings obtain equivalent or better performance against other algorithms across 17 intrinsic and extrinsic datasets.	Deconstructing and reconstructing word embedding algorithms  Uncontextualized word embeddings are reliable feature representations of words used to obtain high quality results for various NLP applications. Given the historical success of word embeddings in NLP, we propose a retrospective on some of the most well-known word embedding algorithms. In this work, we deconstruct Word2vec, GloVe, and others, into a common form, unveiling some of the necessary and sufficient conditions required for making performant word embeddings. We find that each algorithm: (1) fits vector-covector dot products to approximate pointwise mutual information (PMI); and, (2) modulates the loss gradient to balance weak and strong signals. We demonstrate that these two algorithmic features are sufficient conditions to construct a novel word embedding algorithm, Hilbert-MLE. We find that its embeddings obtain equivalent or better performance against other algorithms across 17 intrinsic and extrinsic datasets.	344
What are some interesting Word2Vec results?	Multimodal Word Distributions  Word embeddings provide point representations of words containing useful semantic information. We introduce multimodal word distributions formed from Gaussian mixtures, for multiple word meanings, entailment, and rich uncertainty information. To learn these distributions, we propose an energy-based max-margin objective. We show that the resulting approach captures uniquely expressive semantic information, and outperforms alternatives, such as word2vec skip-grams, and Gaussian embeddings, on benchmark datasets such as word similarity and entailment.	Multimodal Word Distributions  Word embeddings provide point representations of words containing useful semantic information. We introduce multimodal word distributions formed from Gaussian mixtures, for multiple word meanings, entailment, and rich uncertainty information. To learn these distributions, we propose an energy-based max-margin objective. We show that the resulting approach captures uniquely expressive semantic information, and outperforms alternatives, such as word2vec skip-grams, and Gaussian embeddings, on benchmark datasets such as word similarity and entailment.	355
What are some interesting Word2Vec results?	Linking GloVe with word2vec  The Global Vectors for word representation (GloVe), introduced by Jeffrey Pennington et al. is reported to be an efficient and effective method for learning vector representations of words. State-of-the-art performance is also provided by skip-gram with negative-sampling (SGNS) implemented in the word2vec tool. In this note, we explain the similarities between the training objectives of the two models, and show that the objective of SGNS is similar to the objective of a specialized form of GloVe, though their cost functions are defined differently.	Linking GloVe with word2vec  The Global Vectors for word representation (GloVe), introduced by Jeffrey Pennington et al. is reported to be an efficient and effective method for learning vector representations of words. State-of-the-art performance is also provided by skip-gram with negative-sampling (SGNS) implemented in the word2vec tool. In this note, we explain the similarities between the training objectives of the two models, and show that the objective of SGNS is similar to the objective of a specialized form of GloVe, though their cost functions are defined differently.	354
How do I measure the semantic similarity between two documents?	Syntax-Infused Variational Autoencoder for Text Generation  We present a syntax-infused variational autoencoder (SIVAE), that integrates sentences with their syntactic trees to improve the grammar of generated sentences. Distinct from existing VAE-based text generative models, SIVAE contains two separate latent spaces, for sentences and syntactic trees. The evidence lower bound objective is redesigned correspondingly, by optimizing a joint distribution that accommodates two encoders and two decoders. SIVAE works with long short-term memory architectures to simultaneously generate sentences and syntactic trees. Two versions of SIVAE are proposed: one captures the dependencies between the latent variables through a conditional prior network, and the other treats the latent variables independently such that syntactically-controlled sentence generation can be performed. Experimental results demonstrate the generative superiority of SIVAE on both reconstruction and targeted syntactic evaluations. Finally, we show that the proposed models can be used for unsupervised paraphrasing given different syntactic tree templates.	Syntax-Infused Variational Autoencoder for Text Generation  We present a syntax-infused variational autoencoder (SIVAE), that integrates sentences with their syntactic trees to improve the grammar of generated sentences. Distinct from existing VAE-based text generative models, SIVAE contains two separate latent spaces, for sentences and syntactic trees. The evidence lower bound objective is redesigned correspondingly, by optimizing a joint distribution that accommodates two encoders and two decoders. SIVAE works with long short-term memory architectures to simultaneously generate sentences and syntactic trees. Two versions of SIVAE are proposed: one captures the dependencies between the latent variables through a conditional prior network, and the other treats the latent variables independently such that syntactically-controlled sentence generation can be performed. Experimental results demonstrate the generative superiority of SIVAE on both reconstruction and targeted syntactic evaluations. Finally, we show that the proposed models can be used for unsupervised paraphrasing given different syntactic tree templates.	322
How do I measure the semantic similarity between two documents?	Mapping Unparalleled Clinical Professional and Consumer Languages with   Embedding Alignment  Mapping and translating professional but arcane clinical jargons to consumer language is essential to improve the patient-clinician communication. Researchers have used the existing biomedical ontologies and consumer health vocabulary dictionary to translate between the languages. However, such approaches are limited by expert efforts to manually build the dictionary, which is hard to be generalized and scalable. In this work, we utilized the embeddings alignment method for the word mapping between unparalleled clinical professional and consumer language embeddings. To map semantically similar words in two different word embeddings, we first independently trained word embeddings on both the corpus with abundant clinical professional terms and the other with mainly healthcare consumer terms. Then, we aligned the embeddings by the Procrustes algorithm. We also investigated the approach with the adversarial training with refinement. We evaluated the quality of the alignment through the similar words retrieval both by computing the model precision and as well as judging qualitatively by human. We show that the Procrustes algorithm can be performant for the professional consumer language embeddings alignment, whereas adversarial training with refinement may find some relations between two languages.	Mapping Unparalleled Clinical Professional and Consumer Languages with   Embedding Alignment  Mapping and translating professional but arcane clinical jargons to consumer language is essential to improve the patient-clinician communication. Researchers have used the existing biomedical ontologies and consumer health vocabulary dictionary to translate between the languages. However, such approaches are limited by expert efforts to manually build the dictionary, which is hard to be generalized and scalable. In this work, we utilized the embeddings alignment method for the word mapping between unparalleled clinical professional and consumer language embeddings. To map semantically similar words in two different word embeddings, we first independently trained word embeddings on both the corpus with abundant clinical professional terms and the other with mainly healthcare consumer terms. Then, we aligned the embeddings by the Procrustes algorithm. We also investigated the approach with the adversarial training with refinement. We evaluated the quality of the alignment through the similar words retrieval both by computing the model precision and as well as judging qualitatively by human. We show that the Procrustes algorithm can be performant for the professional consumer language embeddings alignment, whereas adversarial training with refinement may find some relations between two languages.	308
How do I measure the semantic similarity between two documents?	Generative Topic Embedding: a Continuous Representation of Documents   (Extended Version with Proofs)  Word embedding maps words into a low-dimensional continuous embedding space by exploiting the local word collocation patterns in a small context window. On the other hand, topic modeling maps documents onto a low-dimensional topic space, by utilizing the global word collocation patterns in the same document. These two types of patterns are complementary. In this paper, we propose a generative topic embedding model to combine the two types of patterns. In our model, topics are represented by embedding vectors, and are shared across documents. The probability of each word is influenced by both its local context and its topic. A variational inference method yields the topic embeddings as well as the topic mixing proportions for each document. Jointly they represent the document in a low-dimensional continuous space. In two document classification tasks, our method performs better than eight existing methods, with fewer features. In addition, we illustrate with an example that our method can generate coherent topics even based on only one document.	Generative Topic Embedding: a Continuous Representation of Documents   (Extended Version with Proofs)  Word embedding maps words into a low-dimensional continuous embedding space by exploiting the local word collocation patterns in a small context window. On the other hand, topic modeling maps documents onto a low-dimensional topic space, by utilizing the global word collocation patterns in the same document. These two types of patterns are complementary. In this paper, we propose a generative topic embedding model to combine the two types of patterns. In our model, topics are represented by embedding vectors, and are shared across documents. The probability of each word is influenced by both its local context and its topic. A variational inference method yields the topic embeddings as well as the topic mixing proportions for each document. Jointly they represent the document in a low-dimensional continuous space. In two document classification tasks, our method performs better than eight existing methods, with fewer features. In addition, we illustrate with an example that our method can generate coherent topics even based on only one document.	299
How do I measure the semantic similarity between two documents?	Density Matching for Bilingual Word Embedding  Recent approaches to cross-lingual word embedding have generally been based on linear transformations between the sets of embedding vectors in the two languages. In this paper, we propose an approach that instead expresses the two monolingual embedding spaces as probability densities defined by a Gaussian mixture model, and matches the two densities using a method called normalizing flow. The method requires no explicit supervision, and can be learned with only a seed dictionary of words that have identical strings. We argue that this formulation has several intuitively attractive properties, particularly with the respect to improving robustness and generalization to mappings between difficult language pairs or word pairs. On a benchmark data set of bilingual lexicon induction and cross-lingual word similarity, our approach can achieve competitive or superior performance compared to state-of-the-art published results, with particularly strong results being found on etymologically distant and/or morphologically rich languages.	Density Matching for Bilingual Word Embedding  Recent approaches to cross-lingual word embedding have generally been based on linear transformations between the sets of embedding vectors in the two languages. In this paper, we propose an approach that instead expresses the two monolingual embedding spaces as probability densities defined by a Gaussian mixture model, and matches the two densities using a method called normalizing flow. The method requires no explicit supervision, and can be learned with only a seed dictionary of words that have identical strings. We argue that this formulation has several intuitively attractive properties, particularly with the respect to improving robustness and generalization to mappings between difficult language pairs or word pairs. On a benchmark data set of bilingual lexicon induction and cross-lingual word similarity, our approach can achieve competitive or superior performance compared to state-of-the-art published results, with particularly strong results being found on etymologically distant and/or morphologically rich languages.	302
How do I measure the semantic similarity between two documents?	Integrating Document Clustering and Topic Modeling  Document clustering and topic modeling are two closely related tasks which can mutually benefit each other. Topic modeling can project documents into a topic space which facilitates effective document clustering. Cluster labels discovered by document clustering can be incorporated into topic models to extract local topics specific to each cluster and global topics shared by all clusters. In this paper, we propose a multi-grain clustering topic model (MGCTM) which integrates document clustering and topic modeling into a unified framework and jointly performs the two tasks to achieve the overall best performance. Our model tightly couples two components: a mixture component used for discovering latent groups in document collection and a topic model component used for mining multi-grain topics including local topics specific to each cluster and global topics shared across clusters.We employ variational inference to approximate the posterior of hidden variables and learn model parameters. Experiments on two datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model.	Integrating Document Clustering and Topic Modeling  Document clustering and topic modeling are two closely related tasks which can mutually benefit each other. Topic modeling can project documents into a topic space which facilitates effective document clustering. Cluster labels discovered by document clustering can be incorporated into topic models to extract local topics specific to each cluster and global topics shared by all clusters. In this paper, we propose a multi-grain clustering topic model (MGCTM) which integrates document clustering and topic modeling into a unified framework and jointly performs the two tasks to achieve the overall best performance. Our model tightly couples two components: a mixture component used for discovering latent groups in document collection and a topic model component used for mining multi-grain topics including local topics specific to each cluster and global topics shared across clusters.We employ variational inference to approximate the posterior of hidden variables and learn model parameters. Experiments on two datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model.	308
What is the state of the art in word sense disambiguation?	A Visual Distance for WordNet  Measuring the distance between concepts is an important field of study of Natural Language Processing, as it can be used to improve tasks related to the interpretation of those same concepts. WordNet, which includes a wide variety of concepts associated with words (i.e., synsets), is often used as a source for computing those distances. In this paper, we explore a distance for WordNet synsets based on visual features, instead of lexical ones. For this purpose, we extract the graphic features generated within a deep convolutional neural networks trained with ImageNet and use those features to generate a representative of each synset. Based on those representatives, we define a distance measure of synsets, which complements the traditional lexical distances. Finally, we propose some experiments to evaluate its performance and compare it with the current state-of-the-art.	A Visual Distance for WordNet  Measuring the distance between concepts is an important field of study of Natural Language Processing, as it can be used to improve tasks related to the interpretation of those same concepts. WordNet, which includes a wide variety of concepts associated with words (i.e., synsets), is often used as a source for computing those distances. In this paper, we explore a distance for WordNet synsets based on visual features, instead of lexical ones. For this purpose, we extract the graphic features generated within a deep convolutional neural networks trained with ImageNet and use those features to generate a representative of each synset. Based on those representatives, we define a distance measure of synsets, which complements the traditional lexical distances. Finally, we propose some experiments to evaluate its performance and compare it with the current state-of-the-art.	394
What is the state of the art in word sense disambiguation?	SenseBERT: Driving Some Sense into BERT  The ability to learn from large unlabeled corpora has allowed neural language models to advance the frontier in natural language understanding. However, existing self-supervision techniques operate at the word form level, which serves as a surrogate for the underlying semantic content. This paper proposes a method to employ weak-supervision directly at the word sense level. Our model, named SenseBERT, is pre-trained to predict not only the masked words but also their WordNet supersenses. Accordingly, we attain a lexical-semantic level language model, without the use of human annotation. SenseBERT achieves significantly improved lexical understanding, as we demonstrate by experimenting on SemEval Word Sense Disambiguation, and by attaining a state of the art result on the Word in Context task.	SenseBERT: Driving Some Sense into BERT  The ability to learn from large unlabeled corpora has allowed neural language models to advance the frontier in natural language understanding. However, existing self-supervision techniques operate at the word form level, which serves as a surrogate for the underlying semantic content. This paper proposes a method to employ weak-supervision directly at the word sense level. Our model, named SenseBERT, is pre-trained to predict not only the masked words but also their WordNet supersenses. Accordingly, we attain a lexical-semantic level language model, without the use of human annotation. SenseBERT achieves significantly improved lexical understanding, as we demonstrate by experimenting on SemEval Word Sense Disambiguation, and by attaining a state of the art result on the Word in Context task.	362
What is the state of the art in word sense disambiguation?	Can Computers Create Art?  This essay discusses whether computers, using Artificial Intelligence (AI), could create art. First, the history of technologies that automated aspects of art is surveyed, including photography and animation. In each case, there were initial fears and denial of the technology, followed by a blossoming of new creative and professional opportunities for artists. The current hype and reality of Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools for art making is then discussed, together with predictions about how AI tools will be used. It is then speculated about whether it could ever happen that AI systems could be credited with authorship of artwork. It is theorized that art is something created by social agents, and so computers cannot be credited with authorship of art in our current understanding. A few ways that this could change are also hypothesized.	Can Computers Create Art?  This essay discusses whether computers, using Artificial Intelligence (AI), could create art. First, the history of technologies that automated aspects of art is surveyed, including photography and animation. In each case, there were initial fears and denial of the technology, followed by a blossoming of new creative and professional opportunities for artists. The current hype and reality of Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools for art making is then discussed, together with predictions about how AI tools will be used. It is then speculated about whether it could ever happen that AI systems could be credited with authorship of artwork. It is theorized that art is something created by social agents, and so computers cannot be credited with authorship of art in our current understanding. A few ways that this could change are also hypothesized.	386
What is the state of the art in word sense disambiguation?	Sensory Optimization: Neural Networks as a Model for Understanding and   Creating Art  This article is about the cognitive science of visual art. Artists create physical artifacts (such as sculptures or paintings) which depict people, objects, and events. These depictions are usually stylized rather than photo-realistic. How is it that humans are able to understand and create stylized representations? Does this ability depend on general cognitive capacities or an evolutionary adaptation for art? What role is played by learning and culture?   Machine Learning can shed light on these questions. It's possible to train convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to recognize objects without training them on any visual art. If such CNNs can generalize to visual art (by creating and understanding stylized representations), then CNNs provide a model for how humans could understand art without innate adaptations or cultural learning. I argue that Deep Dream and Style Transfer show that CNNs can create a basic form of visual art, and that humans could create art by similar processes. This suggests that artists make art by optimizing for effects on the human object-recognition system. Physical artifacts are optimized to evoke real-world objects for this system (e.g. to evoke people or landscapes) and to serve as superstimuli for this system.	Sensory Optimization: Neural Networks as a Model for Understanding and   Creating Art  This article is about the cognitive science of visual art. Artists create physical artifacts (such as sculptures or paintings) which depict people, objects, and events. These depictions are usually stylized rather than photo-realistic. How is it that humans are able to understand and create stylized representations? Does this ability depend on general cognitive capacities or an evolutionary adaptation for art? What role is played by learning and culture?   Machine Learning can shed light on these questions. It's possible to train convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to recognize objects without training them on any visual art. If such CNNs can generalize to visual art (by creating and understanding stylized representations), then CNNs provide a model for how humans could understand art without innate adaptations or cultural learning. I argue that Deep Dream and Style Transfer show that CNNs can create a basic form of visual art, and that humans could create art by similar processes. This suggests that artists make art by optimizing for effects on the human object-recognition system. Physical artifacts are optimized to evoke real-world objects for this system (e.g. to evoke people or landscapes) and to serve as superstimuli for this system.	380
What is the state of the art in word sense disambiguation?	sense2vec - A Fast and Accurate Method for Word Sense Disambiguation In   Neural Word Embeddings  Neural word representations have proven useful in Natural Language Processing (NLP) tasks due to their ability to efficiently model complex semantic and syntactic word relationships. However, most techniques model only one representation per word, despite the fact that a single word can have multiple meanings or "senses". Some techniques model words by using multiple vectors that are clustered based on context. However, recent neural approaches rarely focus on the application to a consuming NLP algorithm. Furthermore, the training process of recent word-sense models is expensive relative to single-sense embedding processes. This paper presents a novel approach which addresses these concerns by modeling multiple embeddings for each word based on supervised disambiguation, which provides a fast and accurate way for a consuming NLP model to select a sense-disambiguated embedding. We demonstrate that these embeddings can disambiguate both contrastive senses such as nominal and verbal senses as well as nuanced senses such as sarcasm. We further evaluate Part-of-Speech disambiguated embeddings on neural dependency parsing, yielding a greater than 8% average error reduction in unlabeled attachment scores across 6 languages.	sense2vec - A Fast and Accurate Method for Word Sense Disambiguation In   Neural Word Embeddings  Neural word representations have proven useful in Natural Language Processing (NLP) tasks due to their ability to efficiently model complex semantic and syntactic word relationships. However, most techniques model only one representation per word, despite the fact that a single word can have multiple meanings or "senses". Some techniques model words by using multiple vectors that are clustered based on context. However, recent neural approaches rarely focus on the application to a consuming NLP algorithm. Furthermore, the training process of recent word-sense models is expensive relative to single-sense embedding processes. This paper presents a novel approach which addresses these concerns by modeling multiple embeddings for each word based on supervised disambiguation, which provides a fast and accurate way for a consuming NLP model to select a sense-disambiguated embedding. We demonstrate that these embeddings can disambiguate both contrastive senses such as nominal and verbal senses as well as nuanced senses such as sarcasm. We further evaluate Part-of-Speech disambiguated embeddings on neural dependency parsing, yielding a greater than 8% average error reduction in unlabeled attachment scores across 6 languages.	394
What is the main difference between word2vec and fastText?	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors. Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory. Here, we used approaches inspired by quantum computing to propose two related methods, {\em word2ket} and {\em word2ketXS}, for storing word embedding matrix during training and inference in a highly efficient way. Our approach achieves a hundred-fold or more reduction in the space required to store the embeddings with almost no relative drop in accuracy in practical natural language processing tasks.	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors. Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory. Here, we used approaches inspired by quantum computing to propose two related methods, {\em word2ket} and {\em word2ketXS}, for storing word embedding matrix during training and inference in a highly efficient way. Our approach achieves a hundred-fold or more reduction in the space required to store the embeddings with almost no relative drop in accuracy in practical natural language processing tasks.	335
What is the main difference between word2vec and fastText?	An Analysis of Word2Vec for the Italian Language  Word representation is fundamental in NLP tasks, because it is precisely from the coding of semantic closeness between words that it is possible to think of teaching a machine to understand text. Despite the spread of word embedding concepts, still few are the achievements in linguistic contexts other than English. In this work, analysing the semantic capacity of the Word2Vec algorithm, an embedding for the Italian language is produced. Parameter setting such as the number of epochs, the size of the context window and the number of negatively backpropagated samples is explored.	An Analysis of Word2Vec for the Italian Language  Word representation is fundamental in NLP tasks, because it is precisely from the coding of semantic closeness between words that it is possible to think of teaching a machine to understand text. Despite the spread of word embedding concepts, still few are the achievements in linguistic contexts other than English. In this work, analysing the semantic capacity of the Word2Vec algorithm, an embedding for the Italian language is produced. Parameter setting such as the number of epochs, the size of the context window and the number of negatively backpropagated samples is explored.	322
What is the main difference between word2vec and fastText?	Context Vectors are Reflections of Word Vectors in Half the Dimensions  This paper takes a step towards theoretical analysis of the relationship between word embeddings and context embeddings in models such as word2vec. We start from basic probabilistic assumptions on the nature of word vectors, context vectors, and text generation. These assumptions are well supported either empirically or theoretically by the existing literature. Next, we show that under these assumptions the widely-used word-word PMI matrix is approximately a random symmetric Gaussian ensemble. This, in turn, implies that context vectors are reflections of word vectors in approximately half the dimensions. As a direct application of our result, we suggest a theoretically grounded way of tying weights in the SGNS model.	Context Vectors are Reflections of Word Vectors in Half the Dimensions  This paper takes a step towards theoretical analysis of the relationship between word embeddings and context embeddings in models such as word2vec. We start from basic probabilistic assumptions on the nature of word vectors, context vectors, and text generation. These assumptions are well supported either empirically or theoretically by the existing literature. Next, we show that under these assumptions the widely-used word-word PMI matrix is approximately a random symmetric Gaussian ensemble. This, in turn, implies that context vectors are reflections of word vectors in approximately half the dimensions. As a direct application of our result, we suggest a theoretically grounded way of tying weights in the SGNS model.	338
What is the main difference between word2vec and fastText?	word2vec Explained: deriving Mikolov et al.'s negative-sampling   word-embedding method  The word2vec software of Tomas Mikolov and colleagues (https://code.google.com/p/word2vec/ ) has gained a lot of traction lately, and provides state-of-the-art word embeddings. The learning models behind the software are described in two research papers. We found the description of the models in these papers to be somewhat cryptic and hard to follow. While the motivations and presentation may be obvious to the neural-networks language-modeling crowd, we had to struggle quite a bit to figure out the rationale behind the equations.   This note is an attempt to explain equation (4) (negative sampling) in "Distributed Representations of Words and Phrases and their Compositionality" by Tomas Mikolov, Ilya Sutskever, Kai Chen, Greg Corrado and Jeffrey Dean.	word2vec Explained: deriving Mikolov et al.'s negative-sampling   word-embedding method  The word2vec software of Tomas Mikolov and colleagues (https://code.google.com/p/word2vec/ ) has gained a lot of traction lately, and provides state-of-the-art word embeddings. The learning models behind the software are described in two research papers. We found the description of the models in these papers to be somewhat cryptic and hard to follow. While the motivations and presentation may be obvious to the neural-networks language-modeling crowd, we had to struggle quite a bit to figure out the rationale behind the equations.   This note is an attempt to explain equation (4) (negative sampling) in "Distributed Representations of Words and Phrases and their Compositionality" by Tomas Mikolov, Ilya Sutskever, Kai Chen, Greg Corrado and Jeffrey Dean.	358
What is the main difference between word2vec and fastText?	What the Vec? Towards Probabilistically Grounded Embeddings  Word2Vec (W2V) and GloVe are popular, fast and efficient word embedding algorithms. Their embeddings are widely used and perform well on a variety of natural language processing tasks. Moreover, W2V has recently been adopted in the field of graph embedding, where it underpins several leading algorithms. However, despite their ubiquity and relatively simple model architecture, a theoretical understanding of what the embedding parameters of W2V and GloVe learn and why that is useful in downstream tasks has been lacking. We show that different interactions between PMI vectors reflect semantic word relationships, such as similarity and paraphrasing, that are encoded in low dimensional word embeddings under a suitable projection, theoretically explaining why embeddings of W2V and GloVe work. As a consequence, we also reveal an interesting mathematical interconnection between the considered semantic relationships themselves.	What the Vec? Towards Probabilistically Grounded Embeddings  Word2Vec (W2V) and GloVe are popular, fast and efficient word embedding algorithms. Their embeddings are widely used and perform well on a variety of natural language processing tasks. Moreover, W2V has recently been adopted in the field of graph embedding, where it underpins several leading algorithms. However, despite their ubiquity and relatively simple model architecture, a theoretical understanding of what the embedding parameters of W2V and GloVe learn and why that is useful in downstream tasks has been lacking. We show that different interactions between PMI vectors reflect semantic word relationships, such as similarity and paraphrasing, that are encoded in low dimensional word embeddings under a suitable projection, theoretically explaining why embeddings of W2V and GloVe work. As a consequence, we also reveal an interesting mathematical interconnection between the considered semantic relationships themselves.	326
In layman terms, how would you explain the Skip-Gram word embedding model in natural language processing (NLP)?	Applying Recent Innovations from NLP to MOOC Student Course Trajectory   Modeling  This paper presents several strategies that can improve neural network-based predictive methods for MOOC student course trajectory modeling, applying multiple ideas previously applied to tackle NLP (Natural Language Processing) tasks. In particular, this paper investigates LSTM networks enhanced with two forms of regularization, along with the more recently introduced Transformer architecture.	Applying Recent Innovations from NLP to MOOC Student Course Trajectory   Modeling  This paper presents several strategies that can improve neural network-based predictive methods for MOOC student course trajectory modeling, applying multiple ideas previously applied to tackle NLP (Natural Language Processing) tasks. In particular, this paper investigates LSTM networks enhanced with two forms of regularization, along with the more recently introduced Transformer architecture.	304
In layman terms, how would you explain the Skip-Gram word embedding model in natural language processing (NLP)?	Just Add Functions: A Neural-Symbolic Language Model  Neural network language models (NNLMs) have achieved ever-improving accuracy due to more sophisticated architectures and increasing amounts of training data. However, the inductive bias of these models (formed by the distributional hypothesis of language), while ideally suited to modeling most running text, results in key limitations for today's models. In particular, the models often struggle to learn certain spatial, temporal, or quantitative relationships, which are commonplace in text and are second-nature for human readers. Yet, in many cases, these relationships can be encoded with simple mathematical or logical expressions. How can we augment today's neural models with such encodings?   In this paper, we propose a general methodology to enhance the inductive bias of NNLMs by incorporating simple functions into a neural architecture to form a hierarchical neural-symbolic language model (NSLM). These functions explicitly encode symbolic deterministic relationships to form probability distributions over words. We explore the effectiveness of this approach on numbers and geographic locations, and show that NSLMs significantly reduce perplexity in small-corpus language modeling, and that the performance improvement persists for rare tokens even on much larger corpora. The approach is simple and general, and we discuss how it can be applied to other word classes beyond numbers and geography.	Just Add Functions: A Neural-Symbolic Language Model  Neural network language models (NNLMs) have achieved ever-improving accuracy due to more sophisticated architectures and increasing amounts of training data. However, the inductive bias of these models (formed by the distributional hypothesis of language), while ideally suited to modeling most running text, results in key limitations for today's models. In particular, the models often struggle to learn certain spatial, temporal, or quantitative relationships, which are commonplace in text and are second-nature for human readers. Yet, in many cases, these relationships can be encoded with simple mathematical or logical expressions. How can we augment today's neural models with such encodings?   In this paper, we propose a general methodology to enhance the inductive bias of NNLMs by incorporating simple functions into a neural architecture to form a hierarchical neural-symbolic language model (NSLM). These functions explicitly encode symbolic deterministic relationships to form probability distributions over words. We explore the effectiveness of this approach on numbers and geographic locations, and show that NSLMs significantly reduce perplexity in small-corpus language modeling, and that the performance improvement persists for rare tokens even on much larger corpora. The approach is simple and general, and we discuss how it can be applied to other word classes beyond numbers and geography.	304
In layman terms, how would you explain the Skip-Gram word embedding model in natural language processing (NLP)?	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations. Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language. NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed. Developed platforms for language comprehension, machine translation and part of speech (POS) tagging benefit from deep learning methods. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), one of the deep learning architectures, is preferred for processing sequential data such as text or audio data. In this study, Turkish POS tagging model has been proposed by using Bidirectional Long-Short Term Memory (BLSTM) which is an RNN type. The proposed POS tagging model is provided to natural language researchers with a platform that allows them to perform and use their own analysis. In the development phase of the platform developed by using BLSTM, the error rate of the POS tagger has been reduced by taking feedback with expert opinion.	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations. Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language. NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed. Developed platforms for language comprehension, machine translation and part of speech (POS) tagging benefit from deep learning methods. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), one of the deep learning architectures, is preferred for processing sequential data such as text or audio data. In this study, Turkish POS tagging model has been proposed by using Bidirectional Long-Short Term Memory (BLSTM) which is an RNN type. The proposed POS tagging model is provided to natural language researchers with a platform that allows them to perform and use their own analysis. In the development phase of the platform developed by using BLSTM, the error rate of the POS tagger has been reduced by taking feedback with expert opinion.	278
In layman terms, how would you explain the Skip-Gram word embedding model in natural language processing (NLP)?	Tensorized Embedding Layers for Efficient Model Compression  The embedding layers transforming input words into real vectors are the key components of deep neural networks used in natural language processing. However, when the vocabulary is large, the corresponding weight matrices can be enormous, which precludes their deployment in a limited resource setting. We introduce a novel way of parametrizing embedding layers based on the Tensor Train (TT) decomposition, which allows compressing the model significantly at the cost of a negligible drop or even a slight gain in performance. We evaluate our method on a wide range of benchmarks in natural language processing and analyze the trade-off between performance and compression ratios for a wide range of architectures, from MLPs to LSTMs and Transformers.	Tensorized Embedding Layers for Efficient Model Compression  The embedding layers transforming input words into real vectors are the key components of deep neural networks used in natural language processing. However, when the vocabulary is large, the corresponding weight matrices can be enormous, which precludes their deployment in a limited resource setting. We introduce a novel way of parametrizing embedding layers based on the Tensor Train (TT) decomposition, which allows compressing the model significantly at the cost of a negligible drop or even a slight gain in performance. We evaluate our method on a wide range of benchmarks in natural language processing and analyze the trade-off between performance and compression ratios for a wide range of architectures, from MLPs to LSTMs and Transformers.	313
In layman terms, how would you explain the Skip-Gram word embedding model in natural language processing (NLP)?	Generating Sentences Using a Dynamic Canvas  We introduce the Attentive Unsupervised Text (W)riter (AUTR), which is a word level generative model for natural language. It uses a recurrent neural network with a dynamic attention and canvas memory mechanism to iteratively construct sentences. By viewing the state of the memory at intermediate stages and where the model is placing its attention, we gain insight into how it constructs sentences. We demonstrate that AUTR learns a meaningful latent representation for each sentence, and achieves competitive log-likelihood lower bounds whilst being computationally efficient. It is effective at generating and reconstructing sentences, as well as imputing missing words.	Generating Sentences Using a Dynamic Canvas  We introduce the Attentive Unsupervised Text (W)riter (AUTR), which is a word level generative model for natural language. It uses a recurrent neural network with a dynamic attention and canvas memory mechanism to iteratively construct sentences. By viewing the state of the memory at intermediate stages and where the model is placing its attention, we gain insight into how it constructs sentences. We demonstrate that AUTR learns a meaningful latent representation for each sentence, and achieves competitive log-likelihood lower bounds whilst being computationally efficient. It is effective at generating and reconstructing sentences, as well as imputing missing words.	314
In laymans terms, how would you explain the continuous bag of words (CBOW) word embedding technique in natural language processing (NLP)?	Low-dimensional Semantic Space: from Text to Word Embedding  This article focuses on the study of Word Embedding, a feature-learning technique in Natural Language Processing that maps words or phrases to low-dimensional vectors. Beginning with the linguistic theories concerning contextual similarities - "Distributional Hypothesis" and "Context of Situation", this article introduces two ways of numerical representation of text: One-hot and Distributed Representation. In addition, this article presents statistical-based Language Models(such as Co-occurrence Matrix and Singular Value Decomposition) as well as Neural Network Language Models (NNLM, such as Continuous Bag-of-Words and Skip-Gram). This article also analyzes how Word Embedding can be applied to the study of word-sense disambiguation and diachronic linguistics.	Low-dimensional Semantic Space: from Text to Word Embedding  This article focuses on the study of Word Embedding, a feature-learning technique in Natural Language Processing that maps words or phrases to low-dimensional vectors. Beginning with the linguistic theories concerning contextual similarities - "Distributional Hypothesis" and "Context of Situation", this article introduces two ways of numerical representation of text: One-hot and Distributed Representation. In addition, this article presents statistical-based Language Models(such as Co-occurrence Matrix and Singular Value Decomposition) as well as Neural Network Language Models (NNLM, such as Continuous Bag-of-Words and Skip-Gram). This article also analyzes how Word Embedding can be applied to the study of word-sense disambiguation and diachronic linguistics.	291
In laymans terms, how would you explain the continuous bag of words (CBOW) word embedding technique in natural language processing (NLP)?	One-shot and few-shot learning of word embeddings  Standard deep learning systems require thousands or millions of examples to learn a concept, and cannot integrate new concepts easily. By contrast, humans have an incredible ability to do one-shot or few-shot learning. For instance, from just hearing a word used in a sentence, humans can infer a great deal about it, by leveraging what the syntax and semantics of the surrounding words tells us. Here, we draw inspiration from this to highlight a simple technique by which deep recurrent networks can similarly exploit their prior knowledge to learn a useful representation for a new word from little data. This could make natural language processing systems much more flexible, by allowing them to learn continually from the new words they encounter.	One-shot and few-shot learning of word embeddings  Standard deep learning systems require thousands or millions of examples to learn a concept, and cannot integrate new concepts easily. By contrast, humans have an incredible ability to do one-shot or few-shot learning. For instance, from just hearing a word used in a sentence, humans can infer a great deal about it, by leveraging what the syntax and semantics of the surrounding words tells us. Here, we draw inspiration from this to highlight a simple technique by which deep recurrent networks can similarly exploit their prior knowledge to learn a useful representation for a new word from little data. This could make natural language processing systems much more flexible, by allowing them to learn continually from the new words they encounter.	302
In laymans terms, how would you explain the continuous bag of words (CBOW) word embedding technique in natural language processing (NLP)?	FRAGE: Frequency-Agnostic Word Representation  Continuous word representation (aka word embedding) is a basic building block in many neural network-based models used in natural language processing tasks. Although it is widely accepted that words with similar semantics should be close to each other in the embedding space, we find that word embeddings learned in several tasks are biased towards word frequency: the embeddings of high-frequency and low-frequency words lie in different subregions of the embedding space, and the embedding of a rare word and a popular word can be far from each other even if they are semantically similar. This makes learned word embeddings ineffective, especially for rare words, and consequently limits the performance of these neural network models. In this paper, we develop a neat, simple yet effective way to learn \emph{FRequency-AGnostic word Embedding} (FRAGE) using adversarial training. We conducted comprehensive studies on ten datasets across four natural language processing tasks, including word similarity, language modeling, machine translation and text classification. Results show that with FRAGE, we achieve higher performance than the baselines in all tasks.	FRAGE: Frequency-Agnostic Word Representation  Continuous word representation (aka word embedding) is a basic building block in many neural network-based models used in natural language processing tasks. Although it is widely accepted that words with similar semantics should be close to each other in the embedding space, we find that word embeddings learned in several tasks are biased towards word frequency: the embeddings of high-frequency and low-frequency words lie in different subregions of the embedding space, and the embedding of a rare word and a popular word can be far from each other even if they are semantically similar. This makes learned word embeddings ineffective, especially for rare words, and consequently limits the performance of these neural network models. In this paper, we develop a neat, simple yet effective way to learn \emph{FRequency-AGnostic word Embedding} (FRAGE) using adversarial training. We conducted comprehensive studies on ten datasets across four natural language processing tasks, including word similarity, language modeling, machine translation and text classification. Results show that with FRAGE, we achieve higher performance than the baselines in all tasks.	303
In laymans terms, how would you explain the continuous bag of words (CBOW) word embedding technique in natural language processing (NLP)?	KNET: A General Framework for Learning Word Embedding using   Morphological Knowledge  Neural network techniques are widely applied to obtain high-quality distributed representations of words, i.e., word embeddings, to address text mining, information retrieval, and natural language processing tasks. Recently, efficient methods have been proposed to learn word embeddings from context that captures both semantic and syntactic relationships between words. However, it is challenging to handle unseen words or rare words with insufficient context. In this paper, inspired by the study on word recognition process in cognitive psychology, we propose to take advantage of seemingly less obvious but essentially important morphological knowledge to address these challenges. In particular, we introduce a novel neural network architecture called KNET that leverages both contextual information and morphological word similarity built based on morphological knowledge to learn word embeddings. Meanwhile, the learning architecture is also able to refine the pre-defined morphological knowledge and obtain more accurate word similarity. Experiments on an analogical reasoning task and a word similarity task both demonstrate that the proposed KNET framework can greatly enhance the effectiveness of word embeddings.	KNET: A General Framework for Learning Word Embedding using   Morphological Knowledge  Neural network techniques are widely applied to obtain high-quality distributed representations of words, i.e., word embeddings, to address text mining, information retrieval, and natural language processing tasks. Recently, efficient methods have been proposed to learn word embeddings from context that captures both semantic and syntactic relationships between words. However, it is challenging to handle unseen words or rare words with insufficient context. In this paper, inspired by the study on word recognition process in cognitive psychology, we propose to take advantage of seemingly less obvious but essentially important morphological knowledge to address these challenges. In particular, we introduce a novel neural network architecture called KNET that leverages both contextual information and morphological word similarity built based on morphological knowledge to learn word embeddings. Meanwhile, the learning architecture is also able to refine the pre-defined morphological knowledge and obtain more accurate word similarity. Experiments on an analogical reasoning task and a word similarity task both demonstrate that the proposed KNET framework can greatly enhance the effectiveness of word embeddings.	304
In laymans terms, how would you explain the continuous bag of words (CBOW) word embedding technique in natural language processing (NLP)?	Correcting the Common Discourse Bias in Linear Representation of   Sentences using Conceptors  Distributed representations of words, better known as word embeddings, have become important building blocks for natural language processing tasks. Numerous studies are devoted to transferring the success of unsupervised word embeddings to sentence embeddings. In this paper, we introduce a simple representation of sentences in which a sentence embedding is represented as a weighted average of word vectors followed by a soft projection. We demonstrate the effectiveness of this proposed method on the clinical semantic textual similarity task of the BioCreative/OHNLP Challenge 2018.	Correcting the Common Discourse Bias in Linear Representation of   Sentences using Conceptors  Distributed representations of words, better known as word embeddings, have become important building blocks for natural language processing tasks. Numerous studies are devoted to transferring the success of unsupervised word embeddings to sentence embeddings. In this paper, we introduce a simple representation of sentences in which a sentence embedding is represented as a weighted average of word vectors followed by a soft projection. We demonstrate the effectiveness of this proposed method on the clinical semantic textual similarity task of the BioCreative/OHNLP Challenge 2018.	285
What is natural language processing pipeline?	Investigation of Language Understanding Impact for Reinforcement   Learning Based Dialogue Systems  Language understanding is a key component in a spoken dialogue system. In this paper, we investigate how the language understanding module influences the dialogue system performance by conducting a series of systematic experiments on a task-oriented neural dialogue system in a reinforcement learning based setting. The empirical study shows that among different types of language understanding errors, slot-level errors can have more impact on the overall performance of a dialogue system compared to intent-level errors. In addition, our experiments demonstrate that the reinforcement learning based dialogue system is able to learn when and what to confirm in order to achieve better performance and greater robustness.	Investigation of Language Understanding Impact for Reinforcement   Learning Based Dialogue Systems  Language understanding is a key component in a spoken dialogue system. In this paper, we investigate how the language understanding module influences the dialogue system performance by conducting a series of systematic experiments on a task-oriented neural dialogue system in a reinforcement learning based setting. The empirical study shows that among different types of language understanding errors, slot-level errors can have more impact on the overall performance of a dialogue system compared to intent-level errors. In addition, our experiments demonstrate that the reinforcement learning based dialogue system is able to learn when and what to confirm in order to achieve better performance and greater robustness.	461
What is natural language processing pipeline?	The Emergence of Compositional Languages for Numeric Concepts Through   Iterated Learning in Neural Agents  Since first introduced, computer simulation has been an increasingly important tool in evolutionary linguistics. Recently, with the development of deep learning techniques, research in grounded language learning has also started to focus on facilitating the emergence of compositional languages without pre-defined elementary linguistic knowledge. In this work, we explore the emergence of compositional languages for numeric concepts in multi-agent communication systems. We demonstrate that compositional language for encoding numeric concepts can emerge through iterated learning in populations of deep neural network agents. However, language properties greatly depend on the input representations given to agents. We found that compositional languages only emerge if they require less iterations to be fully learnt than other non-degenerate languages for agents on a given input representation.	The Emergence of Compositional Languages for Numeric Concepts Through   Iterated Learning in Neural Agents  Since first introduced, computer simulation has been an increasingly important tool in evolutionary linguistics. Recently, with the development of deep learning techniques, research in grounded language learning has also started to focus on facilitating the emergence of compositional languages without pre-defined elementary linguistic knowledge. In this work, we explore the emergence of compositional languages for numeric concepts in multi-agent communication systems. We demonstrate that compositional language for encoding numeric concepts can emerge through iterated learning in populations of deep neural network agents. However, language properties greatly depend on the input representations given to agents. We found that compositional languages only emerge if they require less iterations to be fully learnt than other non-degenerate languages for agents on a given input representation.	479
What is natural language processing pipeline?	Emergence of Writing Systems Through Multi-Agent Cooperation  Learning to communicate is considered an essential task to develop a general AI. While recent literature in language evolution has studied emergent language through discrete or continuous message symbols, there has been little work in the emergence of writing systems in artificial agents. In this paper, we present a referential game setup with two agents, where the mode of communication is a written language system that emerges during the play. We show that the agents can learn to coordinate successfully using this mode of communication. Further, we study how the game rules affect the writing system taxonomy by proposing a consistency metric.	Emergence of Writing Systems Through Multi-Agent Cooperation  Learning to communicate is considered an essential task to develop a general AI. While recent literature in language evolution has studied emergent language through discrete or continuous message symbols, there has been little work in the emergence of writing systems in artificial agents. In this paper, we present a referential game setup with two agents, where the mode of communication is a written language system that emerges during the play. We show that the agents can learn to coordinate successfully using this mode of communication. Further, we study how the game rules affect the writing system taxonomy by proposing a consistency metric.	483
What is natural language processing pipeline?	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	471
What is natural language processing pipeline?	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	485
What are the available APIs for NLP (Natural Language Processing)?	Applying Recent Innovations from NLP to MOOC Student Course Trajectory   Modeling  This paper presents several strategies that can improve neural network-based predictive methods for MOOC student course trajectory modeling, applying multiple ideas previously applied to tackle NLP (Natural Language Processing) tasks. In particular, this paper investigates LSTM networks enhanced with two forms of regularization, along with the more recently introduced Transformer architecture.	Applying Recent Innovations from NLP to MOOC Student Course Trajectory   Modeling  This paper presents several strategies that can improve neural network-based predictive methods for MOOC student course trajectory modeling, applying multiple ideas previously applied to tackle NLP (Natural Language Processing) tasks. In particular, this paper investigates LSTM networks enhanced with two forms of regularization, along with the more recently introduced Transformer architecture.	372
What are the available APIs for NLP (Natural Language Processing)?	FrameNet CNL: a Knowledge Representation and Information Extraction   Language  The paper presents a FrameNet-based information extraction and knowledge representation framework, called FrameNet-CNL. The framework is used on natural language documents and represents the extracted knowledge in a tailor-made Frame-ontology from which unambiguous FrameNet-CNL paraphrase text can be generated automatically in multiple languages. This approach brings together the fields of information extraction and CNL, because a source text can be considered belonging to FrameNet-CNL, if information extraction parser produces the correct knowledge representation as a result. We describe a state-of-the-art information extraction parser used by a national news agency and speculate that FrameNet-CNL eventually could shape the natural language subset used for writing the newswire articles.	FrameNet CNL: a Knowledge Representation and Information Extraction   Language  The paper presents a FrameNet-based information extraction and knowledge representation framework, called FrameNet-CNL. The framework is used on natural language documents and represents the extracted knowledge in a tailor-made Frame-ontology from which unambiguous FrameNet-CNL paraphrase text can be generated automatically in multiple languages. This approach brings together the fields of information extraction and CNL, because a source text can be considered belonging to FrameNet-CNL, if information extraction parser produces the correct knowledge representation as a result. We describe a state-of-the-art information extraction parser used by a national news agency and speculate that FrameNet-CNL eventually could shape the natural language subset used for writing the newswire articles.	387
What are the available APIs for NLP (Natural Language Processing)?	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations. Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language. NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed. Developed platforms for language comprehension, machine translation and part of speech (POS) tagging benefit from deep learning methods. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), one of the deep learning architectures, is preferred for processing sequential data such as text or audio data. In this study, Turkish POS tagging model has been proposed by using Bidirectional Long-Short Term Memory (BLSTM) which is an RNN type. The proposed POS tagging model is provided to natural language researchers with a platform that allows them to perform and use their own analysis. In the development phase of the platform developed by using BLSTM, the error rate of the POS tagger has been reduced by taking feedback with expert opinion.	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations. Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language. NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed. Developed platforms for language comprehension, machine translation and part of speech (POS) tagging benefit from deep learning methods. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), one of the deep learning architectures, is preferred for processing sequential data such as text or audio data. In this study, Turkish POS tagging model has been proposed by using Bidirectional Long-Short Term Memory (BLSTM) which is an RNN type. The proposed POS tagging model is provided to natural language researchers with a platform that allows them to perform and use their own analysis. In the development phase of the platform developed by using BLSTM, the error rate of the POS tagger has been reduced by taking feedback with expert opinion.	362
What are the available APIs for NLP (Natural Language Processing)?	Exploring the Limits of Transfer Learning with a Unified Text-to-Text   Transformer  Transfer learning, where a model is first pre-trained on a data-rich task before being fine-tuned on a downstream task, has emerged as a powerful technique in natural language processing (NLP). The effectiveness of transfer learning has given rise to a diversity of approaches, methodology, and practice. In this paper, we explore the landscape of transfer learning techniques for NLP by introducing a unified framework that converts all text-based language problems into a text-to-text format. Our systematic study compares pre-training objectives, architectures, unlabeled data sets, transfer approaches, and other factors on dozens of language understanding tasks. By combining the insights from our exploration with scale and our new ``Colossal Clean Crawled Corpus'', we achieve state-of-the-art results on many benchmarks covering summarization, question answering, text classification, and more. To facilitate future work on transfer learning for NLP, we release our data set, pre-trained models, and code.	Exploring the Limits of Transfer Learning with a Unified Text-to-Text   Transformer  Transfer learning, where a model is first pre-trained on a data-rich task before being fine-tuned on a downstream task, has emerged as a powerful technique in natural language processing (NLP). The effectiveness of transfer learning has given rise to a diversity of approaches, methodology, and practice. In this paper, we explore the landscape of transfer learning techniques for NLP by introducing a unified framework that converts all text-based language problems into a text-to-text format. Our systematic study compares pre-training objectives, architectures, unlabeled data sets, transfer approaches, and other factors on dozens of language understanding tasks. By combining the insights from our exploration with scale and our new ``Colossal Clean Crawled Corpus'', we achieve state-of-the-art results on many benchmarks covering summarization, question answering, text classification, and more. To facilitate future work on transfer learning for NLP, we release our data set, pre-trained models, and code.	382
What are the available APIs for NLP (Natural Language Processing)?	Convolutional Neural Networks over Tree Structures for Programming   Language Processing  Programming language processing (similar to natural language processing) is a hot research topic in the field of software engineering; it has also aroused growing interest in the artificial intelligence community. However, different from a natural language sentence, a program contains rich, explicit, and complicated structural information. Hence, traditional NLP models may be inappropriate for programs. In this paper, we propose a novel tree-based convolutional neural network (TBCNN) for programming language processing, in which a convolution kernel is designed over programs' abstract syntax trees to capture structural information. TBCNN is a generic architecture for programming language processing; our experiments show its effectiveness in two different program analysis tasks: classifying programs according to functionality, and detecting code snippets of certain patterns. TBCNN outperforms baseline methods, including several neural models for NLP.	Convolutional Neural Networks over Tree Structures for Programming   Language Processing  Programming language processing (similar to natural language processing) is a hot research topic in the field of software engineering; it has also aroused growing interest in the artificial intelligence community. However, different from a natural language sentence, a program contains rich, explicit, and complicated structural information. Hence, traditional NLP models may be inappropriate for programs. In this paper, we propose a novel tree-based convolutional neural network (TBCNN) for programming language processing, in which a convolution kernel is designed over programs' abstract syntax trees to capture structural information. TBCNN is a generic architecture for programming language processing; our experiments show its effectiveness in two different program analysis tasks: classifying programs according to functionality, and detecting code snippets of certain patterns. TBCNN outperforms baseline methods, including several neural models for NLP.	389
How does perplexity function in natural language processing?	Functional Bandits  We introduce the functional bandit problem, where the objective is to find an arm that optimises a known functional of the unknown arm-reward distributions. These problems arise in many settings such as maximum entropy methods in natural language processing, and risk-averse decision-making, but current best-arm identification techniques fail in these domains. We propose a new approach, that combines functional estimation and arm elimination, to tackle this problem. This method achieves provably efficient performance guarantees. In addition, we illustrate this method on a number of important functionals in risk management and information theory, and refine our generic theoretical results in those cases.	Functional Bandits  We introduce the functional bandit problem, where the objective is to find an arm that optimises a known functional of the unknown arm-reward distributions. These problems arise in many settings such as maximum entropy methods in natural language processing, and risk-averse decision-making, but current best-arm identification techniques fail in these domains. We propose a new approach, that combines functional estimation and arm elimination, to tackle this problem. This method achieves provably efficient performance guarantees. In addition, we illustrate this method on a number of important functionals in risk management and information theory, and refine our generic theoretical results in those cases.	388
How does perplexity function in natural language processing?	What the F-measure doesn't measure: Features, Flaws, Fallacies and Fixes  The F-measure or F-score is one of the most commonly used single number measures in Information Retrieval, Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning, but it is based on a mistake, and the flawed assumptions render it unsuitable for use in most contexts! Fortunately, there are better alternatives.	What the F-measure doesn't measure: Features, Flaws, Fallacies and Fixes  The F-measure or F-score is one of the most commonly used single number measures in Information Retrieval, Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning, but it is based on a mistake, and the flawed assumptions render it unsuitable for use in most contexts! Fortunately, there are better alternatives.	389
How does perplexity function in natural language processing?	A Survey of Code-switched Speech and Language Processing  Code-switching, the alternation of languages within a conversation or utterance, is a common communicative phenomenon that occurs in multilingual communities across the world. This survey reviews computational approaches for code-switched Speech and Natural Language Processing. We motivate why processing code-switched text and speech is essential for building intelligent agents and systems that interact with users in multilingual communities. As code-switching data and resources are scarce, we list what is available in various code-switched language pairs with the language processing tasks they can be used for. We review code-switching research in various Speech and NLP applications, including language processing tools and end-to-end systems. We conclude with future directions and open problems in the field.	A Survey of Code-switched Speech and Language Processing  Code-switching, the alternation of languages within a conversation or utterance, is a common communicative phenomenon that occurs in multilingual communities across the world. This survey reviews computational approaches for code-switched Speech and Natural Language Processing. We motivate why processing code-switched text and speech is essential for building intelligent agents and systems that interact with users in multilingual communities. As code-switching data and resources are scarce, we list what is available in various code-switched language pairs with the language processing tasks they can be used for. We review code-switching research in various Speech and NLP applications, including language processing tools and end-to-end systems. We conclude with future directions and open problems in the field.	390
How does perplexity function in natural language processing?	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state. While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	373
How does perplexity function in natural language processing?	Extrapolation and learning equations  In classical machine learning, regression is treated as a black box process of identifying a suitable function from a hypothesis set without attempting to gain insight into the mechanism connecting inputs and outputs. In the natural sciences, however, finding an interpretable function for a phenomenon is the prime goal as it allows to understand and generalize results. This paper proposes a novel type of function learning network, called equation learner (EQL), that can learn analytical expressions and is able to extrapolate to unseen domains. It is implemented as an end-to-end differentiable feed-forward network and allows for efficient gradient based training. Due to sparsity regularization concise interpretable expressions can be obtained. Often the true underlying source expression is identified.	Extrapolation and learning equations  In classical machine learning, regression is treated as a black box process of identifying a suitable function from a hypothesis set without attempting to gain insight into the mechanism connecting inputs and outputs. In the natural sciences, however, finding an interpretable function for a phenomenon is the prime goal as it allows to understand and generalize results. This paper proposes a novel type of function learning network, called equation learner (EQL), that can learn analytical expressions and is able to extrapolate to unseen domains. It is implemented as an end-to-end differentiable feed-forward network and allows for efficient gradient based training. Due to sparsity regularization concise interpretable expressions can be obtained. Often the true underlying source expression is identified.	380
How is deep learning used in sentiment analysis?	Deep Reinforcement Learning: An Overview  In recent years, a specific machine learning method called deep learning has gained huge attraction, as it has obtained astonishing results in broad applications such as pattern recognition, speech recognition, computer vision, and natural language processing. Recent research has also been shown that deep learning techniques can be combined with reinforcement learning methods to learn useful representations for the problems with high dimensional raw data input. This chapter reviews the recent advances in deep reinforcement learning with a focus on the most used deep architectures such as autoencoders, convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks which have successfully been come together with the reinforcement learning framework.	Deep Reinforcement Learning: An Overview  In recent years, a specific machine learning method called deep learning has gained huge attraction, as it has obtained astonishing results in broad applications such as pattern recognition, speech recognition, computer vision, and natural language processing. Recent research has also been shown that deep learning techniques can be combined with reinforcement learning methods to learn useful representations for the problems with high dimensional raw data input. This chapter reviews the recent advances in deep reinforcement learning with a focus on the most used deep architectures such as autoencoders, convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks which have successfully been come together with the reinforcement learning framework.	309
How is deep learning used in sentiment analysis?	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	What Really is Deep Learning Doing?  Deep learning has achieved a great success in many areas, from computer vision to natural language processing, to game playing, and much more. Yet, what deep learning is really doing is still an open question. There are a lot of works in this direction. For example, [5] tried to explain deep learning by group renormalization, and [6] tried to explain deep learning from the view of functional approximation. In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	302
How is deep learning used in sentiment analysis?	Deep Learning Based Computed Tomography Whys and Wherefores  This is an article about the Computed Tomography (CT) and how Deep Learning influences CT reconstruction pipeline, especially in low dose scenarios.	Deep Learning Based Computed Tomography Whys and Wherefores  This is an article about the Computed Tomography (CT) and how Deep Learning influences CT reconstruction pipeline, especially in low dose scenarios.	300
How is deep learning used in sentiment analysis?	Review of Deep Learning  In recent years, China, the United States and other countries, Google and other high-tech companies have increased investment in artificial intelligence. Deep learning is one of the current artificial intelligence research's key areas. This paper analyzes and summarizes the latest progress and future research directions of deep learning. Firstly, three basic models of deep learning are outlined, including multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. On this basis, we further analyze the emerging new models of convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. This paper then summarizes deep learning's applications in many areas of artificial intelligence, including speech processing, computer vision, natural language processing and so on. Finally, this paper discusses the existing problems of deep learning and gives the corresponding possible solutions.	Review of Deep Learning  In recent years, China, the United States and other countries, Google and other high-tech companies have increased investment in artificial intelligence. Deep learning is one of the current artificial intelligence research's key areas. This paper analyzes and summarizes the latest progress and future research directions of deep learning. Firstly, three basic models of deep learning are outlined, including multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, and recurrent neural networks. On this basis, we further analyze the emerging new models of convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. This paper then summarizes deep learning's applications in many areas of artificial intelligence, including speech processing, computer vision, natural language processing and so on. Finally, this paper discusses the existing problems of deep learning and gives the corresponding possible solutions.	312
How is deep learning used in sentiment analysis?	Deep Learning for Sentiment Analysis : A Survey  Deep learning has emerged as a powerful machine learning technique that learns multiple layers of representations or features of the data and produces state-of-the-art prediction results. Along with the success of deep learning in many other application domains, deep learning is also popularly used in sentiment analysis in recent years. This paper first gives an overview of deep learning and then provides a comprehensive survey of its current applications in sentiment analysis.	Deep Learning for Sentiment Analysis : A Survey  Deep learning has emerged as a powerful machine learning technique that learns multiple layers of representations or features of the data and produces state-of-the-art prediction results. Along with the success of deep learning in many other application domains, deep learning is also popularly used in sentiment analysis in recent years. This paper first gives an overview of deep learning and then provides a comprehensive survey of its current applications in sentiment analysis.	277
Was Jrgen Schmidhuber right when he claimed credit for GANs at NIPS 2016?	Connecting GANs, MFGs, and OT  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have enjoyed tremendous success in image generation and processing, and have recently attracted growing interests in financial modelings. This paper analyzes GANs from the perspectives of mean-field games (MFGs) and optimal transport. More specifically, from the game theoretical perspective, GANs are interpreted as MFGs under Pareto Optimality criterion or mean-field controls; from the optimal transport perspective, GANs are to minimize the optimal transport cost indexed by the generator from the known latent distribution to the unknown true distribution of data. The MFGs perspective of GANs leads to a GAN-based computational method (MFGANs) to solve MFGs: one neural network for the backward Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation and one neural network for the forward Fokker-Planck equation, with the two neural networks trained in an adversarial way. Numerical experiments demonstrate superior performance of this proposed algorithm, especially in the higher dimensional case, when compared with existing neural network approaches.	Connecting GANs, MFGs, and OT  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have enjoyed tremendous success in image generation and processing, and have recently attracted growing interests in financial modelings. This paper analyzes GANs from the perspectives of mean-field games (MFGs) and optimal transport. More specifically, from the game theoretical perspective, GANs are interpreted as MFGs under Pareto Optimality criterion or mean-field controls; from the optimal transport perspective, GANs are to minimize the optimal transport cost indexed by the generator from the known latent distribution to the unknown true distribution of data. The MFGs perspective of GANs leads to a GAN-based computational method (MFGANs) to solve MFGs: one neural network for the backward Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation and one neural network for the forward Fokker-Planck equation, with the two neural networks trained in an adversarial way. Numerical experiments demonstrate superior performance of this proposed algorithm, especially in the higher dimensional case, when compared with existing neural network approaches.	440
Was Jrgen Schmidhuber right when he claimed credit for GANs at NIPS 2016?	Distributed SAGA: Maintaining linear convergence rate with limited   communication  In recent years, variance-reducing stochastic methods have shown great practical performance, exhibiting linear convergence rate when other stochastic methods offered a sub-linear rate. However, as datasets grow ever bigger and clusters become widespread, the need for fast distribution methods is pressing. We propose here a distribution scheme for SAGA which maintains a linear convergence rate, even when communication between nodes is limited.	Distributed SAGA: Maintaining linear convergence rate with limited   communication  In recent years, variance-reducing stochastic methods have shown great practical performance, exhibiting linear convergence rate when other stochastic methods offered a sub-linear rate. However, as datasets grow ever bigger and clusters become widespread, the need for fast distribution methods is pressing. We propose here a distribution scheme for SAGA which maintains a linear convergence rate, even when communication between nodes is limited.	444
Was Jrgen Schmidhuber right when he claimed credit for GANs at NIPS 2016?	Is Generator Conditioning Causally Related to GAN Performance?  Recent work (Pennington et al, 2017) suggests that controlling the entire distribution of Jacobian singular values is an important design consideration in deep learning. Motivated by this, we study the distribution of singular values of the Jacobian of the generator in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). We find that this Jacobian generally becomes ill-conditioned at the beginning of training. Moreover, we find that the average (with z from p(z)) conditioning of the generator is highly predictive of two other ad-hoc metrics for measuring the 'quality' of trained GANs: the Inception Score and the Frechet Inception Distance (FID). We test the hypothesis that this relationship is causal by proposing a 'regularization' technique (called Jacobian Clamping) that softly penalizes the condition number of the generator Jacobian. Jacobian Clamping improves the mean Inception Score and the mean FID for GANs trained on several datasets. It also greatly reduces inter-run variance of the aforementioned scores, addressing (at least partially) one of the main criticisms of GANs.	Is Generator Conditioning Causally Related to GAN Performance?  Recent work (Pennington et al, 2017) suggests that controlling the entire distribution of Jacobian singular values is an important design consideration in deep learning. Motivated by this, we study the distribution of singular values of the Jacobian of the generator in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). We find that this Jacobian generally becomes ill-conditioned at the beginning of training. Moreover, we find that the average (with z from p(z)) conditioning of the generator is highly predictive of two other ad-hoc metrics for measuring the 'quality' of trained GANs: the Inception Score and the Frechet Inception Distance (FID). We test the hypothesis that this relationship is causal by proposing a 'regularization' technique (called Jacobian Clamping) that softly penalizes the condition number of the generator Jacobian. Jacobian Clamping improves the mean Inception Score and the mean FID for GANs trained on several datasets. It also greatly reduces inter-run variance of the aforementioned scores, addressing (at least partially) one of the main criticisms of GANs.	443
Was Jrgen Schmidhuber right when he claimed credit for GANs at NIPS 2016?	The Value of Big Data for Credit Scoring: Enhancing Financial Inclusion   using Mobile Phone Data and Social Network Analytics  Credit scoring is without a doubt one of the oldest applications of analytics. In recent years, a multitude of sophisticated classification techniques have been developed to improve the statistical performance of credit scoring models. Instead of focusing on the techniques themselves, this paper leverages alternative data sources to enhance both statistical and economic model performance. The study demonstrates how including call networks, in the context of positive credit information, as a new Big Data source has added value in terms of profit by applying a profit measure and profit-based feature selection. A unique combination of datasets, including call-detail records, credit and debit account information of customers is used to create scorecards for credit card applicants. Call-detail records are used to build call networks and advanced social network analytics techniques are applied to propagate influence from prior defaulters throughout the network to produce influence scores. The results show that combining call-detail records with traditional data in credit scoring models significantly increases their performance when measured in AUC. In terms of profit, the best model is the one built with only calling behavior features. In addition, the calling behavior features are the most predictive in other models, both in terms of statistical and economic performance. The results have an impact in terms of ethical use of call-detail records, regulatory implications, financial inclusion, as well as data sharing and privacy.	The Value of Big Data for Credit Scoring: Enhancing Financial Inclusion   using Mobile Phone Data and Social Network Analytics  Credit scoring is without a doubt one of the oldest applications of analytics. In recent years, a multitude of sophisticated classification techniques have been developed to improve the statistical performance of credit scoring models. Instead of focusing on the techniques themselves, this paper leverages alternative data sources to enhance both statistical and economic model performance. The study demonstrates how including call networks, in the context of positive credit information, as a new Big Data source has added value in terms of profit by applying a profit measure and profit-based feature selection. A unique combination of datasets, including call-detail records, credit and debit account information of customers is used to create scorecards for credit card applicants. Call-detail records are used to build call networks and advanced social network analytics techniques are applied to propagate influence from prior defaulters throughout the network to produce influence scores. The results show that combining call-detail records with traditional data in credit scoring models significantly increases their performance when measured in AUC. In terms of profit, the best model is the one built with only calling behavior features. In addition, the calling behavior features are the most predictive in other models, both in terms of statistical and economic performance. The results have an impact in terms of ethical use of call-detail records, regulatory implications, financial inclusion, as well as data sharing and privacy.	445
Was Jrgen Schmidhuber right when he claimed credit for GANs at NIPS 2016?	Sequential Matrix Completion  We propose a novel algorithm for sequential matrix completion in a recommender system setting, where the $(i,j)$th entry of the matrix corresponds to a user $i$'s rating of product $j$. The objective of the algorithm is to provide a sequential policy for user-product pair recommendation which will yield the highest possible ratings after a finite time horizon. The algorithm uses a Gamma process factor model with two posterior-focused bandit policies, Thompson Sampling and Information-Directed Sampling. While Thompson Sampling shows competitive performance in simulations, state-of-the-art performance is obtained from Information-Directed Sampling, which makes its recommendations based off a ratio between the expected reward and a measure of information gain. To our knowledge, this is the first implementation of Information Directed Sampling on large real datasets.   This approach contributes to a recent line of research on bandit approaches to collaborative filtering including Kawale et al. (2015), Li et al. (2010), Bresler et al. (2014), Li et al. (2016), Deshpande & Montanari (2012), and Zhao et al. (2013). The setting of this paper, as has been noted in Kawale et al. (2015) and Zhao et al. (2013), presents significant challenges to bounding regret after finite horizons. We discuss these challenges in relation to simpler models for bandits with side information, such as linear or gaussian process bandits, and hope the experiments presented here motivate further research toward theoretical guarantees.	Sequential Matrix Completion  We propose a novel algorithm for sequential matrix completion in a recommender system setting, where the $(i,j)$th entry of the matrix corresponds to a user $i$'s rating of product $j$. The objective of the algorithm is to provide a sequential policy for user-product pair recommendation which will yield the highest possible ratings after a finite time horizon. The algorithm uses a Gamma process factor model with two posterior-focused bandit policies, Thompson Sampling and Information-Directed Sampling. While Thompson Sampling shows competitive performance in simulations, state-of-the-art performance is obtained from Information-Directed Sampling, which makes its recommendations based off a ratio between the expected reward and a measure of information gain. To our knowledge, this is the first implementation of Information Directed Sampling on large real datasets.   This approach contributes to a recent line of research on bandit approaches to collaborative filtering including Kawale et al. (2015), Li et al. (2010), Bresler et al. (2014), Li et al. (2016), Deshpande & Montanari (2012), and Zhao et al. (2013). The setting of this paper, as has been noted in Kawale et al. (2015) and Zhao et al. (2013), presents significant challenges to bounding regret after finite horizons. We discuss these challenges in relation to simpler models for bandits with side information, such as linear or gaussian process bandits, and hope the experiments presented here motivate further research toward theoretical guarantees.	437
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	Adaptive Network Sparsification with Dependent Variational   Beta-Bernoulli Dropout  While variational dropout approaches have been shown to be effective for network sparsification, they are still suboptimal in the sense that they set the dropout rate for each neuron without consideration of the input data. With such input-independent dropout, each neuron is evolved to be generic across inputs, which makes it difficult to sparsify networks without accuracy loss. To overcome this limitation, we propose adaptive variational dropout whose probabilities are drawn from sparsity-inducing beta Bernoulli prior. It allows each neuron to be evolved either to be generic or specific for certain inputs, or dropped altogether. Such input-adaptive sparsity-inducing dropout allows the resulting network to tolerate larger degree of sparsity without losing its expressive power by removing redundancies among features. We validate our dependent variational beta-Bernoulli dropout on multiple public datasets, on which it obtains significantly more compact networks than baseline methods, with consistent accuracy improvements over the base networks.	Adaptive Network Sparsification with Dependent Variational   Beta-Bernoulli Dropout  While variational dropout approaches have been shown to be effective for network sparsification, they are still suboptimal in the sense that they set the dropout rate for each neuron without consideration of the input data. With such input-independent dropout, each neuron is evolved to be generic across inputs, which makes it difficult to sparsify networks without accuracy loss. To overcome this limitation, we propose adaptive variational dropout whose probabilities are drawn from sparsity-inducing beta Bernoulli prior. It allows each neuron to be evolved either to be generic or specific for certain inputs, or dropped altogether. Such input-adaptive sparsity-inducing dropout allows the resulting network to tolerate larger degree of sparsity without losing its expressive power by removing redundancies among features. We validate our dependent variational beta-Bernoulli dropout on multiple public datasets, on which it obtains significantly more compact networks than baseline methods, with consistent accuracy improvements over the base networks.	264
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	Variational Integrator Networks for Physically Structured Embeddings  Learning workable representations of dynamical systems is becoming an increasingly important problem in a number of application areas. By leveraging recent work connecting deep neural networks to systems of differential equations, we propose \emph{variational integrator networks}, a class of neural network architectures designed to preserve the geometric structure of physical systems. This class of network architectures facilitates accurate long-term prediction, interpretability, and data-efficient learning, while still remaining highly flexible and capable of modeling complex behavior. We demonstrate that they can accurately learn dynamical systems from both noisy observations in phase space and from image pixels within which the unknown dynamics are embedded.	Variational Integrator Networks for Physically Structured Embeddings  Learning workable representations of dynamical systems is becoming an increasingly important problem in a number of application areas. By leveraging recent work connecting deep neural networks to systems of differential equations, we propose \emph{variational integrator networks}, a class of neural network architectures designed to preserve the geometric structure of physical systems. This class of network architectures facilitates accurate long-term prediction, interpretability, and data-efficient learning, while still remaining highly flexible and capable of modeling complex behavior. We demonstrate that they can accurately learn dynamical systems from both noisy observations in phase space and from image pixels within which the unknown dynamics are embedded.	308
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	Towards Physically-consistent, Data-driven Models of Convection  Data-driven algorithms, in particular neural networks, can emulate the effect of sub-grid scale processes in coarse-resolution climate models if trained on high-resolution climate simulations. However, they may violate key physical constraints and lack the ability to generalize outside of their training set. Here, we show that physical constraints can be enforced in neural networks, either approximately by adapting the loss function or to within machine precision by adapting the architecture. As these physical constraints are insufficient to guarantee generalizability, we additionally propose to physically rescale the training and validation data to improve the ability of neural networks to generalize to unseen climates.	Towards Physically-consistent, Data-driven Models of Convection  Data-driven algorithms, in particular neural networks, can emulate the effect of sub-grid scale processes in coarse-resolution climate models if trained on high-resolution climate simulations. However, they may violate key physical constraints and lack the ability to generalize outside of their training set. Here, we show that physical constraints can be enforced in neural networks, either approximately by adapting the loss function or to within machine precision by adapting the architecture. As these physical constraints are insufficient to guarantee generalizability, we additionally propose to physically rescale the training and validation data to improve the ability of neural networks to generalize to unseen climates.	289
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	An Interval-Based Bayesian Generative Model for Human Complex Activity   Recognition  Complex activity recognition is challenging due to the inherent uncertainty and diversity of performing a complex activity. Normally, each instance of a complex activity has its own configuration of atomic actions and their temporal dependencies. We propose in this paper an atomic action-based Bayesian model that constructs Allen's interval relation networks to characterize complex activities with structural varieties in a probabilistic generative way: By introducing latent variables from the Chinese restaurant process, our approach is able to capture all possible styles of a particular complex activity as a unique set of distributions over atomic actions and relations. We also show that local temporal dependencies can be retained and are globally consistent in the resulting interval network. Moreover, network structure can be learned from empirical data. A new dataset of complex hand activities has been constructed and made publicly available, which is much larger in size than any existing datasets. Empirical evaluations on benchmark datasets as well as our in-house dataset demonstrate the competitiveness of our approach.	An Interval-Based Bayesian Generative Model for Human Complex Activity   Recognition  Complex activity recognition is challenging due to the inherent uncertainty and diversity of performing a complex activity. Normally, each instance of a complex activity has its own configuration of atomic actions and their temporal dependencies. We propose in this paper an atomic action-based Bayesian model that constructs Allen's interval relation networks to characterize complex activities with structural varieties in a probabilistic generative way: By introducing latent variables from the Chinese restaurant process, our approach is able to capture all possible styles of a particular complex activity as a unique set of distributions over atomic actions and relations. We also show that local temporal dependencies can be retained and are globally consistent in the resulting interval network. Moreover, network structure can be learned from empirical data. A new dataset of complex hand activities has been constructed and made publicly available, which is much larger in size than any existing datasets. Empirical evaluations on benchmark datasets as well as our in-house dataset demonstrate the competitiveness of our approach.	306
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	Warranty Cost Estimation Using Bayesian Network  All multi-component product manufacturing companies face the problem of warranty cost estimation. Failure rate analysis of components plays a key role in this problem. Data source used for failure rate analysis has traditionally been past failure data of components. However, failure rate analysis can be improved by means of fusion of additional information, such as symptoms observed during after-sale service of the product, geographical information (hilly or plains areas), and information from tele-diagnostic analytics. In this paper, we propose an approach, which learns dependency between part-failures and symptoms gleaned from such diverse sources of information, to predict expected number of failures with better accuracy. We also indicate how the optimum warranty period can be computed. We demonstrate, through empirical results, that our method can improve the warranty cost estimates significantly.	Warranty Cost Estimation Using Bayesian Network  All multi-component product manufacturing companies face the problem of warranty cost estimation. Failure rate analysis of components plays a key role in this problem. Data source used for failure rate analysis has traditionally been past failure data of components. However, failure rate analysis can be improved by means of fusion of additional information, such as symptoms observed during after-sale service of the product, geographical information (hilly or plains areas), and information from tele-diagnostic analytics. In this paper, we propose an approach, which learns dependency between part-failures and symptoms gleaned from such diverse sources of information, to predict expected number of failures with better accuracy. We also indicate how the optimum warranty period can be computed. We demonstrate, through empirical results, that our method can improve the warranty cost estimates significantly.	308
What are the (existing or future) use cases where using Generative Adversarial Network is particularly interesting?	Automatic Discovery of Families of Network Generative Processes  Designing plausible network models typically requires scholars to form a priori intuitions on the key drivers of network formation. Oftentimes, these intuitions are supported by the statistical estimation of a selection of network evolution processes which will form the basis of the model to be developed. Machine learning techniques have lately been introduced to assist the automatic discovery of generative models. These approaches may more broadly be described as "symbolic regression", where fundamental network dynamic functions, rather than just parameters, are evolved through genetic programming. This chapter first aims at reviewing the principles, efforts and the emerging literature in this direction, which is very much aligned with the idea of creating artificial scientists. Our contribution then aims more specifically at building upon an approach recently developed by us [Menezes \& Roth, 2014] in order to demonstrate the existence of families of networks that may be described by similar generative processes. In other words, symbolic regression may be used to group networks according to their inferred genotype (in terms of generative processes) rather than their observed phenotype (in terms of statistical/topological features). Our empirical case is based on an original data set of 238 anonymized ego-centered networks of Facebook friends, further yielding insights on the formation of sociability networks.	Automatic Discovery of Families of Network Generative Processes  Designing plausible network models typically requires scholars to form a priori intuitions on the key drivers of network formation. Oftentimes, these intuitions are supported by the statistical estimation of a selection of network evolution processes which will form the basis of the model to be developed. Machine learning techniques have lately been introduced to assist the automatic discovery of generative models. These approaches may more broadly be described as "symbolic regression", where fundamental network dynamic functions, rather than just parameters, are evolved through genetic programming. This chapter first aims at reviewing the principles, efforts and the emerging literature in this direction, which is very much aligned with the idea of creating artificial scientists. Our contribution then aims more specifically at building upon an approach recently developed by us [Menezes \& Roth, 2014] in order to demonstrate the existence of families of networks that may be described by similar generative processes. In other words, symbolic regression may be used to group networks according to their inferred genotype (in terms of generative processes) rather than their observed phenotype (in terms of statistical/topological features). Our empirical case is based on an original data set of 238 anonymized ego-centered networks of Facebook friends, further yielding insights on the formation of sociability networks.	345
What are the (existing or future) use cases where using Generative Adversarial Network is particularly interesting?	New Results on Multi-Step Traffic Flow Prediction  In its simplest form, the traffic flow prediction problem is restricted to predicting a single time-step into the future. Multi-step traffic flow prediction extends this set-up to the case where predicting multiple time-steps into the future based on some finite history is of interest. This problem is significantly more difficult than its single-step variant and is known to suffer from degradation in predictions as the time step increases. In this paper, two approaches to improve multi-step traffic flow prediction performance in recursive and multi-output settings are introduced. In particular, a model that allows recursive prediction approaches to take into account the temporal context in term of time-step index when making predictions is introduced. In addition, a conditional generative adversarial network-based data augmentation method is proposed to improve prediction performance in the multi-output setting. The experiments on a real-world traffic flow dataset show that the two methods improve on multi-step traffic flow prediction in recursive and multi-output settings, respectively.	New Results on Multi-Step Traffic Flow Prediction  In its simplest form, the traffic flow prediction problem is restricted to predicting a single time-step into the future. Multi-step traffic flow prediction extends this set-up to the case where predicting multiple time-steps into the future based on some finite history is of interest. This problem is significantly more difficult than its single-step variant and is known to suffer from degradation in predictions as the time step increases. In this paper, two approaches to improve multi-step traffic flow prediction performance in recursive and multi-output settings are introduced. In particular, a model that allows recursive prediction approaches to take into account the temporal context in term of time-step index when making predictions is introduced. In addition, a conditional generative adversarial network-based data augmentation method is proposed to improve prediction performance in the multi-output setting. The experiments on a real-world traffic flow dataset show that the two methods improve on multi-step traffic flow prediction in recursive and multi-output settings, respectively.	349
What are the (existing or future) use cases where using Generative Adversarial Network is particularly interesting?	Exploring Generative Physics Models with Scientific Priors in Inertial   Confinement Fusion  There is significant interest in using modern neural networks for scientific applications due to their effectiveness in modeling highly complex, non-linear problems in a data-driven fashion. However, a common challenge is to verify the scientific plausibility or validity of outputs predicted by a neural network. This work advocates the use of known scientific constraints as a lens into evaluating, exploring, and understanding such predictions for the problem of inertial confinement fusion.	Exploring Generative Physics Models with Scientific Priors in Inertial   Confinement Fusion  There is significant interest in using modern neural networks for scientific applications due to their effectiveness in modeling highly complex, non-linear problems in a data-driven fashion. However, a common challenge is to verify the scientific plausibility or validity of outputs predicted by a neural network. This work advocates the use of known scientific constraints as a lens into evaluating, exploring, and understanding such predictions for the problem of inertial confinement fusion.	345
What are the (existing or future) use cases where using Generative Adversarial Network is particularly interesting?	The Externalities of Exploration and How Data Diversity Helps   Exploitation  Online learning algorithms, widely used to power search and content optimization on the web, must balance exploration and exploitation, potentially sacrificing the experience of current users for information that will lead to better decisions in the future. Recently, concerns have been raised about whether the process of exploration could be viewed as unfair, placing too much burden on certain individuals or groups. Motivated by these concerns, we initiate the study of the externalities of exploration - the undesirable side effects that the presence of one party may impose on another - under the linear contextual bandits model. We introduce the notion of a group externality, measuring the extent to which the presence of one population of users impacts the rewards of another. We show that this impact can in some cases be negative, and that, in a certain sense, no algorithm can avoid it. We then study externalities at the individual level, interpreting the act of exploration as an externality imposed on the current user of a system by future users. This drives us to ask under what conditions inherent diversity in the data makes explicit exploration unnecessary. We build on a recent line of work on the smoothed analysis of the greedy algorithm that always chooses the action that currently looks optimal, improving on prior results to show that a greedy approach almost matches the best possible Bayesian regret rate of any other algorithm on the same problem instance whenever the diversity conditions hold, and that this regret is at most $\tilde{O}(T^{1/3})$. Returning to group-level effects, we show that under the same conditions, negative group externalities essentially vanish under the greedy algorithm. Together, our results uncover a sharp contrast between the high externalities that exist in the worst case, and the ability to remove all externalities if the data is sufficiently diverse.	The Externalities of Exploration and How Data Diversity Helps   Exploitation  Online learning algorithms, widely used to power search and content optimization on the web, must balance exploration and exploitation, potentially sacrificing the experience of current users for information that will lead to better decisions in the future. Recently, concerns have been raised about whether the process of exploration could be viewed as unfair, placing too much burden on certain individuals or groups. Motivated by these concerns, we initiate the study of the externalities of exploration - the undesirable side effects that the presence of one party may impose on another - under the linear contextual bandits model. We introduce the notion of a group externality, measuring the extent to which the presence of one population of users impacts the rewards of another. We show that this impact can in some cases be negative, and that, in a certain sense, no algorithm can avoid it. We then study externalities at the individual level, interpreting the act of exploration as an externality imposed on the current user of a system by future users. This drives us to ask under what conditions inherent diversity in the data makes explicit exploration unnecessary. We build on a recent line of work on the smoothed analysis of the greedy algorithm that always chooses the action that currently looks optimal, improving on prior results to show that a greedy approach almost matches the best possible Bayesian regret rate of any other algorithm on the same problem instance whenever the diversity conditions hold, and that this regret is at most $\tilde{O}(T^{1/3})$. Returning to group-level effects, we show that under the same conditions, negative group externalities essentially vanish under the greedy algorithm. Together, our results uncover a sharp contrast between the high externalities that exist in the worst case, and the ability to remove all externalities if the data is sufficiently diverse.	316
What are the (existing or future) use cases where using Generative Adversarial Network is particularly interesting?	How to Allocate Resources For Features Acquisition?  We study classification problems where features are corrupted by noise and where the magnitude of the noise in each feature is influenced by the resources allocated to its acquisition. This is the case, for example, when multiple sensors share a common resource (power, bandwidth, attention, etc.). We develop a method for computing the optimal resource allocation for a variety of scenarios and derive theoretical bounds concerning the benefit that may arise by non-uniform allocation. We further demonstrate the effectiveness of the developed method in simulations.	How to Allocate Resources For Features Acquisition?  We study classification problems where features are corrupted by noise and where the magnitude of the noise in each feature is influenced by the resources allocated to its acquisition. This is the case, for example, when multiple sensors share a common resource (power, bandwidth, attention, etc.). We develop a method for computing the optimal resource allocation for a variety of scenarios and derive theoretical bounds concerning the benefit that may arise by non-uniform allocation. We further demonstrate the effectiveness of the developed method in simulations.	334
Can autoencoders be considered as generative models?	Knowledge-Based Regularization in Generative Modeling  Prior domain knowledge can greatly help to learn generative models. However, it is often too costly to hard-code prior knowledge as a specific model architecture, so we often have to use general-purpose models. In this paper, we propose a method to incorporate prior knowledge of feature relations into the learning of general-purpose generative models. To this end, we formulate a regularizer that makes the marginals of a generative model to follow prescribed relative dependence of features. It can be incorporated into off-the-shelf learning methods of many generative models, including variational autoencoders and generative adversarial networks, as its gradients can be computed using standard backpropagation techniques. We show the effectiveness of the proposed method with experiments on multiple types of datasets and generative models.	Knowledge-Based Regularization in Generative Modeling  Prior domain knowledge can greatly help to learn generative models. However, it is often too costly to hard-code prior knowledge as a specific model architecture, so we often have to use general-purpose models. In this paper, we propose a method to incorporate prior knowledge of feature relations into the learning of general-purpose generative models. To this end, we formulate a regularizer that makes the marginals of a generative model to follow prescribed relative dependence of features. It can be incorporated into off-the-shelf learning methods of many generative models, including variational autoencoders and generative adversarial networks, as its gradients can be computed using standard backpropagation techniques. We show the effectiveness of the proposed method with experiments on multiple types of datasets and generative models.	336
Can autoencoders be considered as generative models?	Autoencoding topology  The problem of learning a manifold structure on a dataset is framed in terms of a generative model, to which we use ideas behind autoencoders (namely adversarial/Wasserstein autoencoders) to fit deep neural networks. From a machine learning perspective, the resulting structure, an atlas of a manifold, may be viewed as a combination of dimensionality reduction and "fuzzy" clustering.	Autoencoding topology  The problem of learning a manifold structure on a dataset is framed in terms of a generative model, to which we use ideas behind autoencoders (namely adversarial/Wasserstein autoencoders) to fit deep neural networks. From a machine learning perspective, the resulting structure, an atlas of a manifold, may be viewed as a combination of dimensionality reduction and "fuzzy" clustering.	357
Can autoencoders be considered as generative models?	Model Development Process  Predictive modeling has an increasing number of applications in various fields. High demand for predictive models drives creation of tools that automate and support work of data scientist on the model development. To better understand what can be automated we need first a description of the model life-cycle. In this paper we propose a generic Model Development Process (MDP). This process is inspired by Rational Unified Process (RUP) which was designed for software development. There are other approached to process description, like CRISP DM or ASUM DM, in this paper we discuss similarities and differences between these methodologies. We believe that the proposed open standard for model development will facilitate creation of tools for automation of model training, testing and maintaining.	Model Development Process  Predictive modeling has an increasing number of applications in various fields. High demand for predictive models drives creation of tools that automate and support work of data scientist on the model development. To better understand what can be automated we need first a description of the model life-cycle. In this paper we propose a generic Model Development Process (MDP). This process is inspired by Rational Unified Process (RUP) which was designed for software development. There are other approached to process description, like CRISP DM or ASUM DM, in this paper we discuss similarities and differences between these methodologies. We believe that the proposed open standard for model development will facilitate creation of tools for automation of model training, testing and maintaining.	343
Can autoencoders be considered as generative models?	Towards a Metric for Automated Conversational Dialogue System Evaluation   and Improvement  We present "AutoJudge", an automated evaluation method for conversational dialogue systems. The method works by first generating dialogues based on self-talk, i.e. dialogue systems talking to itself. Then, it uses human ratings on these dialogues to train an automated judgement model. Our experiments show that AutoJudge correlates well with the human ratings and can be used to automatically evaluate dialogue systems, even in deployed systems. In a second part, we attempt to apply AutoJudge to improve existing systems. This works well for re-ranking a set of candidate utterances. However, our experiments show that AutoJudge cannot be applied as reward for reinforcement learning, although the metric can distinguish good from bad dialogues. We discuss potential reasons, but state here already that this is still an open question for further research.	Towards a Metric for Automated Conversational Dialogue System Evaluation   and Improvement  We present "AutoJudge", an automated evaluation method for conversational dialogue systems. The method works by first generating dialogues based on self-talk, i.e. dialogue systems talking to itself. Then, it uses human ratings on these dialogues to train an automated judgement model. Our experiments show that AutoJudge correlates well with the human ratings and can be used to automatically evaluate dialogue systems, even in deployed systems. In a second part, we attempt to apply AutoJudge to improve existing systems. This works well for re-ranking a set of candidate utterances. However, our experiments show that AutoJudge cannot be applied as reward for reinforcement learning, although the metric can distinguish good from bad dialogues. We discuss potential reasons, but state here already that this is still an open question for further research.	360
Can autoencoders be considered as generative models?	Radon Sobolev Variational Auto-Encoders  The quality of generative models (such as Generative adversarial networks and Variational Auto-Encoders) depends heavily on the choice of a good probability distance. However some popular metrics like the Wasserstein or the Sliced Wasserstein distances, the Jensen-Shannon divergence, the Kullback-Leibler divergence, lack convenient properties such as (geodesic) convexity, fast evaluation and so on. To address these shortcomings, we introduce a class of distances that have built-in convexity. We investigate the relationship with some known paradigms (sliced distances - a synonym for Radon distances -, reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces, energy distances). The distances are shown to possess fast implementations and are included in an adapted Variational Auto-Encoder termed Radon Sobolev Variational Auto-Encoder (RS-VAE) which produces high quality results on standard generative datasets.   Keywords: Variational Auto-Encoder; Generative model; Sobolev spaces; Radon Sobolev Variational Auto-Encoder;	Radon Sobolev Variational Auto-Encoders  The quality of generative models (such as Generative adversarial networks and Variational Auto-Encoders) depends heavily on the choice of a good probability distance. However some popular metrics like the Wasserstein or the Sliced Wasserstein distances, the Jensen-Shannon divergence, the Kullback-Leibler divergence, lack convenient properties such as (geodesic) convexity, fast evaluation and so on. To address these shortcomings, we introduce a class of distances that have built-in convexity. We investigate the relationship with some known paradigms (sliced distances - a synonym for Radon distances -, reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces, energy distances). The distances are shown to possess fast implementations and are included in an adapted Variational Auto-Encoder termed Radon Sobolev Variational Auto-Encoder (RS-VAE) which produces high quality results on standard generative datasets.   Keywords: Variational Auto-Encoder; Generative model; Sobolev spaces; Radon Sobolev Variational Auto-Encoder;	354
Why are two separate neural networks used in Generative Adversarial Networks?	Global Guarantees for Enforcing Deep Generative Priors by Empirical Risk  We examine the theoretical properties of enforcing priors provided by generative deep neural networks via empirical risk minimization. In particular we consider two models, one in which the task is to invert a generative neural network given access to its last layer and another in which the task is to invert a generative neural network given only compressive linear observations of its last layer. We establish that in both cases, in suitable regimes of network layer sizes and a randomness assumption on the network weights, that the non-convex objective function given by empirical risk minimization does not have any spurious stationary points. That is, we establish that with high probability, at any point away from small neighborhoods around two scalar multiples of the desired solution, there is a descent direction. Hence, there are no local minima, saddle points, or other stationary points outside these neighborhoods. These results constitute the first theoretical guarantees which establish the favorable global geometry of these non-convex optimization problems, and they bridge the gap between the empirical success of enforcing deep generative priors and a rigorous understanding of non-linear inverse problems.	Global Guarantees for Enforcing Deep Generative Priors by Empirical Risk  We examine the theoretical properties of enforcing priors provided by generative deep neural networks via empirical risk minimization. In particular we consider two models, one in which the task is to invert a generative neural network given access to its last layer and another in which the task is to invert a generative neural network given only compressive linear observations of its last layer. We establish that in both cases, in suitable regimes of network layer sizes and a randomness assumption on the network weights, that the non-convex objective function given by empirical risk minimization does not have any spurious stationary points. That is, we establish that with high probability, at any point away from small neighborhoods around two scalar multiples of the desired solution, there is a descent direction. Hence, there are no local minima, saddle points, or other stationary points outside these neighborhoods. These results constitute the first theoretical guarantees which establish the favorable global geometry of these non-convex optimization problems, and they bridge the gap between the empirical success of enforcing deep generative priors and a rigorous understanding of non-linear inverse problems.	310
Why are two separate neural networks used in Generative Adversarial Networks?	Classification Logit Two-sample Testing by Neural Networks  The recent success of generative adversarial networks and variational learning suggests training a classifier network may work well in addressing the classical two-sample problem. Network-based tests have the computational advantage that the algorithm scales to large samples. This paper proposes a two-sample statistic which is the difference of the logit function, provided by a trained classification neural network, evaluated on the testing set split of the two datasets. Theoretically, we prove the testing power to differentiate two sub-exponential densities given that the network is sufficiently parametrized. When the two densities lie on or near to low-dimensional manifolds embedded in possibly high-dimensional space, the needed network complexity is reduced to only scale with the intrinsic dimensionality. Both the approximation and estimation error analysis are based on a new result of near-manifold integral approximation. In experiments, the proposed method demonstrates better performance than previous network-based tests using classification accuracy as the two-sample statistic, and compares favorably to certain kernel maximum mean discrepancy tests on synthetic datasets and hand-written digit datasets.	Classification Logit Two-sample Testing by Neural Networks  The recent success of generative adversarial networks and variational learning suggests training a classifier network may work well in addressing the classical two-sample problem. Network-based tests have the computational advantage that the algorithm scales to large samples. This paper proposes a two-sample statistic which is the difference of the logit function, provided by a trained classification neural network, evaluated on the testing set split of the two datasets. Theoretically, we prove the testing power to differentiate two sub-exponential densities given that the network is sufficiently parametrized. When the two densities lie on or near to low-dimensional manifolds embedded in possibly high-dimensional space, the needed network complexity is reduced to only scale with the intrinsic dimensionality. Both the approximation and estimation error analysis are based on a new result of near-manifold integral approximation. In experiments, the proposed method demonstrates better performance than previous network-based tests using classification accuracy as the two-sample statistic, and compares favorably to certain kernel maximum mean discrepancy tests on synthetic datasets and hand-written digit datasets.	285
Why are two separate neural networks used in Generative Adversarial Networks?	Modality Conversion of Handwritten Patterns by Cross Variational   Autoencoders  This research attempts to construct a network that can convert online and offline handwritten characters to each other. The proposed network consists of two Variational Auto-Encoders (VAEs) with a shared latent space. The VAEs are trained to generate online and offline handwritten Latin characters simultaneously. In this way, we create a cross-modal VAE (Cross-VAE). During training, the proposed Cross-VAE is trained to minimize the reconstruction loss of the two modalities, the distribution loss of the two VAEs, and a novel third loss called the space sharing loss. This third, space sharing loss is used to encourage the modalities to share the same latent space by calculating the distance between the latent variables. Through the proposed method mutual conversion of online and offline handwritten characters is possible. In this paper, we demonstrate the performance of the Cross-VAE through qualitative and quantitative analysis.	Modality Conversion of Handwritten Patterns by Cross Variational   Autoencoders  This research attempts to construct a network that can convert online and offline handwritten characters to each other. The proposed network consists of two Variational Auto-Encoders (VAEs) with a shared latent space. The VAEs are trained to generate online and offline handwritten Latin characters simultaneously. In this way, we create a cross-modal VAE (Cross-VAE). During training, the proposed Cross-VAE is trained to minimize the reconstruction loss of the two modalities, the distribution loss of the two VAEs, and a novel third loss called the space sharing loss. This third, space sharing loss is used to encourage the modalities to share the same latent space by calculating the distance between the latent variables. Through the proposed method mutual conversion of online and offline handwritten characters is possible. In this paper, we demonstrate the performance of the Cross-VAE through qualitative and quantitative analysis.	315
Why are two separate neural networks used in Generative Adversarial Networks?	Block-Normalized Gradient Method: An Empirical Study for Training Deep   Neural Network  In this paper, we propose a generic and simple strategy for utilizing stochastic gradient information in optimization. The technique essentially contains two consecutive steps in each iteration: 1) computing and normalizing each block (layer) of the mini-batch stochastic gradient; 2) selecting appropriate step size to update the decision variable (parameter) towards the negative of the block-normalized gradient. We conduct extensive empirical studies on various non-convex neural network optimization problems, including multi-layer perceptron, convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. The results indicate the block-normalized gradient can help accelerate the training of neural networks. In particular, we observe that the normalized gradient methods having constant step size with occasionally decay, such as SGD with momentum, have better performance in the deep convolution neural networks, while those with adaptive step sizes, such as Adam, perform better in recurrent neural networks. Besides, we also observe this line of methods can lead to solutions with better generalization properties, which is confirmed by the performance improvement over strong baselines.	Block-Normalized Gradient Method: An Empirical Study for Training Deep   Neural Network  In this paper, we propose a generic and simple strategy for utilizing stochastic gradient information in optimization. The technique essentially contains two consecutive steps in each iteration: 1) computing and normalizing each block (layer) of the mini-batch stochastic gradient; 2) selecting appropriate step size to update the decision variable (parameter) towards the negative of the block-normalized gradient. We conduct extensive empirical studies on various non-convex neural network optimization problems, including multi-layer perceptron, convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. The results indicate the block-normalized gradient can help accelerate the training of neural networks. In particular, we observe that the normalized gradient methods having constant step size with occasionally decay, such as SGD with momentum, have better performance in the deep convolution neural networks, while those with adaptive step sizes, such as Adam, perform better in recurrent neural networks. Besides, we also observe this line of methods can lead to solutions with better generalization properties, which is confirmed by the performance improvement over strong baselines.	320
Why are two separate neural networks used in Generative Adversarial Networks?	An Empirical Study on the Relation between Network Interpretability and   Adversarial Robustness  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have had many successes, but they suffer from two major issues: (1) a vulnerability to adversarial examples and (2) a tendency to elude human interpretation. Interestingly, recent empirical and theoretical evidence suggests these two seemingly disparate issues are actually connected. In particular, robust models tend to provide more interpretable gradients than non-robust models. However, whether this relationship works in the opposite direction remains obscure. With this paper, we seek empirical answers to the following question: can models acquire adversarial robustness when they are trained to have interpretable gradients? We introduce a theoretically inspired technique called Interpretation Regularization (IR), which encourages a model's gradients to (1) match the direction of interpretable target salience maps and (2) have small magnitude. To assess model performance and tease apart factors that contribute to adversarial robustness, we conduct extensive experiments on MNIST and CIFAR-10 with both $\ell_2$ and $\ell_\infty$ attacks. We demonstrate that training the networks to have interpretable gradients improves their robustness to adversarial perturbations. Applying the network interpretation technique SmoothGrad yields additional performance gains, especially in cross-norm attacks and under heavy perturbations. The results indicate that the interpretability of the model gradients is a crucial factor for adversarial robustness. Code for the experiments can be found at https://github.com/a1noack/interp_regularization.	An Empirical Study on the Relation between Network Interpretability and   Adversarial Robustness  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have had many successes, but they suffer from two major issues: (1) a vulnerability to adversarial examples and (2) a tendency to elude human interpretation. Interestingly, recent empirical and theoretical evidence suggests these two seemingly disparate issues are actually connected. In particular, robust models tend to provide more interpretable gradients than non-robust models. However, whether this relationship works in the opposite direction remains obscure. With this paper, we seek empirical answers to the following question: can models acquire adversarial robustness when they are trained to have interpretable gradients? We introduce a theoretically inspired technique called Interpretation Regularization (IR), which encourages a model's gradients to (1) match the direction of interpretable target salience maps and (2) have small magnitude. To assess model performance and tease apart factors that contribute to adversarial robustness, we conduct extensive experiments on MNIST and CIFAR-10 with both $\ell_2$ and $\ell_\infty$ attacks. We demonstrate that training the networks to have interpretable gradients improves their robustness to adversarial perturbations. Applying the network interpretation technique SmoothGrad yields additional performance gains, especially in cross-norm attacks and under heavy perturbations. The results indicate that the interpretability of the model gradients is a crucial factor for adversarial robustness. Code for the experiments can be found at https://github.com/a1noack/interp_regularization.	312
What is the advantage of generative adversarial networks compared with other generative models?	Knowledge-Based Regularization in Generative Modeling  Prior domain knowledge can greatly help to learn generative models. However, it is often too costly to hard-code prior knowledge as a specific model architecture, so we often have to use general-purpose models. In this paper, we propose a method to incorporate prior knowledge of feature relations into the learning of general-purpose generative models. To this end, we formulate a regularizer that makes the marginals of a generative model to follow prescribed relative dependence of features. It can be incorporated into off-the-shelf learning methods of many generative models, including variational autoencoders and generative adversarial networks, as its gradients can be computed using standard backpropagation techniques. We show the effectiveness of the proposed method with experiments on multiple types of datasets and generative models.	Knowledge-Based Regularization in Generative Modeling  Prior domain knowledge can greatly help to learn generative models. However, it is often too costly to hard-code prior knowledge as a specific model architecture, so we often have to use general-purpose models. In this paper, we propose a method to incorporate prior knowledge of feature relations into the learning of general-purpose generative models. To this end, we formulate a regularizer that makes the marginals of a generative model to follow prescribed relative dependence of features. It can be incorporated into off-the-shelf learning methods of many generative models, including variational autoencoders and generative adversarial networks, as its gradients can be computed using standard backpropagation techniques. We show the effectiveness of the proposed method with experiments on multiple types of datasets and generative models.	346
What is the advantage of generative adversarial networks compared with other generative models?	Ambient Hidden Space of Generative Adversarial Networks  Generative adversarial models are powerful tools to model structure in complex distributions for a variety of tasks. Current techniques for learning generative models require an access to samples which have high quality, and advanced generative models are applied to generate samples from noisy training data through ambient modules. However, the modules are only practical for the output space of the generator, and their application in the hidden space is not well studied. In this paper, we extend the ambient module to the hidden space of the generator, and provide the uniqueness condition and the corresponding strategy for the ambient hidden generator in the adversarial training process. We report the practicality of the proposed method on the benchmark dataset.	Ambient Hidden Space of Generative Adversarial Networks  Generative adversarial models are powerful tools to model structure in complex distributions for a variety of tasks. Current techniques for learning generative models require an access to samples which have high quality, and advanced generative models are applied to generate samples from noisy training data through ambient modules. However, the modules are only practical for the output space of the generator, and their application in the hidden space is not well studied. In this paper, we extend the ambient module to the hidden space of the generator, and provide the uniqueness condition and the corresponding strategy for the ambient hidden generator in the adversarial training process. We report the practicality of the proposed method on the benchmark dataset.	358
What is the advantage of generative adversarial networks compared with other generative models?	Improved Network Robustness with Adversary Critic  Ideally, what confuses neural network should be confusing to humans. However, recent experiments have shown that small, imperceptible perturbations can change the network prediction. To address this gap in perception, we propose a novel approach for learning robust classifier. Our main idea is: adversarial examples for the robust classifier should be indistinguishable from the regular data of the adversarial target. We formulate a problem of learning robust classifier in the framework of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN), where the adversarial attack on classifier acts as a generator, and the critic network learns to distinguish between regular and adversarial images. The classifier cost is augmented with the objective that its adversarial examples should confuse the adversary critic. To improve the stability of the adversarial mapping, we introduce adversarial cycle-consistency constraint which ensures that the adversarial mapping of the adversarial examples is close to the original. In the experiments, we show the effectiveness of our defense. Our method surpasses in terms of robustness networks trained with adversarial training. Additionally, we verify in the experiments with human annotators on MTurk that adversarial examples are indeed visually confusing. Codes for the project are available at https://github.com/aam-at/adversary_critic.	Improved Network Robustness with Adversary Critic  Ideally, what confuses neural network should be confusing to humans. However, recent experiments have shown that small, imperceptible perturbations can change the network prediction. To address this gap in perception, we propose a novel approach for learning robust classifier. Our main idea is: adversarial examples for the robust classifier should be indistinguishable from the regular data of the adversarial target. We formulate a problem of learning robust classifier in the framework of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN), where the adversarial attack on classifier acts as a generator, and the critic network learns to distinguish between regular and adversarial images. The classifier cost is augmented with the objective that its adversarial examples should confuse the adversary critic. To improve the stability of the adversarial mapping, we introduce adversarial cycle-consistency constraint which ensures that the adversarial mapping of the adversarial examples is close to the original. In the experiments, we show the effectiveness of our defense. Our method surpasses in terms of robustness networks trained with adversarial training. Additionally, we verify in the experiments with human annotators on MTurk that adversarial examples are indeed visually confusing. Codes for the project are available at https://github.com/aam-at/adversary_critic.	351
What is the advantage of generative adversarial networks compared with other generative models?	Generative Adversarial Parallelization  Generative Adversarial Networks have become one of the most studied frameworks for unsupervised learning due to their intuitive formulation. They have also been shown to be capable of generating convincing examples in limited domains, such as low-resolution images. However, they still prove difficult to train in practice and tend to ignore modes of the data generating distribution. Quantitatively capturing effects such as mode coverage and more generally the quality of the generative model still remain elusive. We propose Generative Adversarial Parallelization, a framework in which many GANs or their variants are trained simultaneously, exchanging their discriminators. This eliminates the tight coupling between a generator and discriminator, leading to improved convergence and improved coverage of modes. We also propose an improved variant of the recently proposed Generative Adversarial Metric and show how it can score individual GANs or their collections under the GAP model.	Generative Adversarial Parallelization  Generative Adversarial Networks have become one of the most studied frameworks for unsupervised learning due to their intuitive formulation. They have also been shown to be capable of generating convincing examples in limited domains, such as low-resolution images. However, they still prove difficult to train in practice and tend to ignore modes of the data generating distribution. Quantitatively capturing effects such as mode coverage and more generally the quality of the generative model still remain elusive. We propose Generative Adversarial Parallelization, a framework in which many GANs or their variants are trained simultaneously, exchanging their discriminators. This eliminates the tight coupling between a generator and discriminator, leading to improved convergence and improved coverage of modes. We also propose an improved variant of the recently proposed Generative Adversarial Metric and show how it can score individual GANs or their collections under the GAP model.	356
What is the advantage of generative adversarial networks compared with other generative models?	Learning Generative Models across Incomparable Spaces  Generative Adversarial Networks have shown remarkable success in learning a distribution that faithfully recovers a reference distribution in its entirety. However, in some cases, we may want to only learn some aspects (e.g., cluster or manifold structure), while modifying others (e.g., style, orientation or dimension). In this work, we propose an approach to learn generative models across such incomparable spaces, and demonstrate how to steer the learned distribution towards target properties. A key component of our model is the Gromov-Wasserstein distance, a notion of discrepancy that compares distributions relationally rather than absolutely. While this framework subsumes current generative models in identically reproducing distributions, its inherent flexibility allows application to tasks in manifold learning, relational learning and cross-domain learning.	Learning Generative Models across Incomparable Spaces  Generative Adversarial Networks have shown remarkable success in learning a distribution that faithfully recovers a reference distribution in its entirety. However, in some cases, we may want to only learn some aspects (e.g., cluster or manifold structure), while modifying others (e.g., style, orientation or dimension). In this work, we propose an approach to learn generative models across such incomparable spaces, and demonstrate how to steer the learned distribution towards target properties. A key component of our model is the Gromov-Wasserstein distance, a notion of discrepancy that compares distributions relationally rather than absolutely. While this framework subsumes current generative models in identically reproducing distributions, its inherent flexibility allows application to tasks in manifold learning, relational learning and cross-domain learning.	349
What are some exciting future applications of Generative Adversarial Networks?	Future Data Helps Training: Modeling Future Contexts for Session-based   Recommendation  Session-based recommender systems have attracted much attention recently. To capture the sequential dependencies, existing methods resort either to data augmentation techniques or left-to-right style autoregressive training.Since these methods are aimed to model the sequential nature of user behaviors, they ignore the future data of a target interaction when constructing the prediction model for it. However, we argue that the future interactions after a target interaction, which are also available during training, provide valuable signal on user preference and can be used to enhance the recommendation quality.   Properly integrating future data into model training, however, is non-trivial to achieve, since it disobeys machine learning principles and can easily cause data leakage. To this end, we propose a new encoder-decoder framework named Gap-filling based Recommender (GRec), which trains the encoder and decoder by a gap-filling mechanism. Specifically, the encoder takes a partially-complete session sequence (where some items are masked by purpose) as input, and the decoder predicts these masked items conditioned on the encoded representation. We instantiate the general GRec framework using convolutional neural network with sparse kernels, giving consideration to both accuracy and efficiency. We conduct experiments on two real-world datasets covering short-, medium-, and long-range user sessions, showing that GRec significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art sequential recommendation methods. More empirical studies verify the high utility of modeling future contexts under our GRec framework.	Future Data Helps Training: Modeling Future Contexts for Session-based   Recommendation  Session-based recommender systems have attracted much attention recently. To capture the sequential dependencies, existing methods resort either to data augmentation techniques or left-to-right style autoregressive training.Since these methods are aimed to model the sequential nature of user behaviors, they ignore the future data of a target interaction when constructing the prediction model for it. However, we argue that the future interactions after a target interaction, which are also available during training, provide valuable signal on user preference and can be used to enhance the recommendation quality.   Properly integrating future data into model training, however, is non-trivial to achieve, since it disobeys machine learning principles and can easily cause data leakage. To this end, we propose a new encoder-decoder framework named Gap-filling based Recommender (GRec), which trains the encoder and decoder by a gap-filling mechanism. Specifically, the encoder takes a partially-complete session sequence (where some items are masked by purpose) as input, and the decoder predicts these masked items conditioned on the encoded representation. We instantiate the general GRec framework using convolutional neural network with sparse kernels, giving consideration to both accuracy and efficiency. We conduct experiments on two real-world datasets covering short-, medium-, and long-range user sessions, showing that GRec significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art sequential recommendation methods. More empirical studies verify the high utility of modeling future contexts under our GRec framework.	393
What are some exciting future applications of Generative Adversarial Networks?	The Application of Machine Learning Techniques for Predicting Results in   Team Sport: A Review  Over the past two decades, Machine Learning (ML) techniques have been increasingly utilized for the purpose of predicting outcomes in sport. In this paper, we provide a review of studies that have used ML for predicting results in team sport, covering studies from 1996 to 2019. We sought to answer five key research questions while extensively surveying papers in this field. This paper offers insights into which ML algorithms have tended to be used in this field, as well as those that are beginning to emerge with successful outcomes. Our research highlights defining characteristics of successful studies and identifies robust strategies for evaluating accuracy results in this application domain. Our study considers accuracies that have been achieved across different sports and explores the notion that outcomes of some team sports could be inherently more difficult to predict than others. Finally, our study uncovers common themes of future research directions across all surveyed papers, looking for gaps and opportunities, while proposing recommendations for future researchers in this domain.	The Application of Machine Learning Techniques for Predicting Results in   Team Sport: A Review  Over the past two decades, Machine Learning (ML) techniques have been increasingly utilized for the purpose of predicting outcomes in sport. In this paper, we provide a review of studies that have used ML for predicting results in team sport, covering studies from 1996 to 2019. We sought to answer five key research questions while extensively surveying papers in this field. This paper offers insights into which ML algorithms have tended to be used in this field, as well as those that are beginning to emerge with successful outcomes. Our research highlights defining characteristics of successful studies and identifies robust strategies for evaluating accuracy results in this application domain. Our study considers accuracies that have been achieved across different sports and explores the notion that outcomes of some team sports could be inherently more difficult to predict than others. Finally, our study uncovers common themes of future research directions across all surveyed papers, looking for gaps and opportunities, while proposing recommendations for future researchers in this domain.	393
What are some exciting future applications of Generative Adversarial Networks?	Twin Networks: Matching the Future for Sequence Generation  We propose a simple technique for encouraging generative RNNs to plan ahead. We train a "backward" recurrent network to generate a given sequence in reverse order, and we encourage states of the forward model to predict cotemporal states of the backward model. The backward network is used only during training, and plays no role during sampling or inference. We hypothesize that our approach eases modeling of long-term dependencies by implicitly forcing the forward states to hold information about the longer-term future (as contained in the backward states). We show empirically that our approach achieves 9% relative improvement for a speech recognition task, and achieves significant improvement on a COCO caption generation task.	Twin Networks: Matching the Future for Sequence Generation  We propose a simple technique for encouraging generative RNNs to plan ahead. We train a "backward" recurrent network to generate a given sequence in reverse order, and we encourage states of the forward model to predict cotemporal states of the backward model. The backward network is used only during training, and plays no role during sampling or inference. We hypothesize that our approach eases modeling of long-term dependencies by implicitly forcing the forward states to hold information about the longer-term future (as contained in the backward states). We show empirically that our approach achieves 9% relative improvement for a speech recognition task, and achieves significant improvement on a COCO caption generation task.	363
What are some exciting future applications of Generative Adversarial Networks?	The Externalities of Exploration and How Data Diversity Helps   Exploitation  Online learning algorithms, widely used to power search and content optimization on the web, must balance exploration and exploitation, potentially sacrificing the experience of current users for information that will lead to better decisions in the future. Recently, concerns have been raised about whether the process of exploration could be viewed as unfair, placing too much burden on certain individuals or groups. Motivated by these concerns, we initiate the study of the externalities of exploration - the undesirable side effects that the presence of one party may impose on another - under the linear contextual bandits model. We introduce the notion of a group externality, measuring the extent to which the presence of one population of users impacts the rewards of another. We show that this impact can in some cases be negative, and that, in a certain sense, no algorithm can avoid it. We then study externalities at the individual level, interpreting the act of exploration as an externality imposed on the current user of a system by future users. This drives us to ask under what conditions inherent diversity in the data makes explicit exploration unnecessary. We build on a recent line of work on the smoothed analysis of the greedy algorithm that always chooses the action that currently looks optimal, improving on prior results to show that a greedy approach almost matches the best possible Bayesian regret rate of any other algorithm on the same problem instance whenever the diversity conditions hold, and that this regret is at most $\tilde{O}(T^{1/3})$. Returning to group-level effects, we show that under the same conditions, negative group externalities essentially vanish under the greedy algorithm. Together, our results uncover a sharp contrast between the high externalities that exist in the worst case, and the ability to remove all externalities if the data is sufficiently diverse.	The Externalities of Exploration and How Data Diversity Helps   Exploitation  Online learning algorithms, widely used to power search and content optimization on the web, must balance exploration and exploitation, potentially sacrificing the experience of current users for information that will lead to better decisions in the future. Recently, concerns have been raised about whether the process of exploration could be viewed as unfair, placing too much burden on certain individuals or groups. Motivated by these concerns, we initiate the study of the externalities of exploration - the undesirable side effects that the presence of one party may impose on another - under the linear contextual bandits model. We introduce the notion of a group externality, measuring the extent to which the presence of one population of users impacts the rewards of another. We show that this impact can in some cases be negative, and that, in a certain sense, no algorithm can avoid it. We then study externalities at the individual level, interpreting the act of exploration as an externality imposed on the current user of a system by future users. This drives us to ask under what conditions inherent diversity in the data makes explicit exploration unnecessary. We build on a recent line of work on the smoothed analysis of the greedy algorithm that always chooses the action that currently looks optimal, improving on prior results to show that a greedy approach almost matches the best possible Bayesian regret rate of any other algorithm on the same problem instance whenever the diversity conditions hold, and that this regret is at most $\tilde{O}(T^{1/3})$. Returning to group-level effects, we show that under the same conditions, negative group externalities essentially vanish under the greedy algorithm. Together, our results uncover a sharp contrast between the high externalities that exist in the worst case, and the ability to remove all externalities if the data is sufficiently diverse.	391
What are some exciting future applications of Generative Adversarial Networks?	Adversarial Attacks on Cognitive Self-Organizing Networks: The Challenge   and the Way Forward  Future communications and data networks are expected to be largely cognitive self-organizing networks (CSON). Such networks will have the essential property of cognitive self-organization, which can be achieved using machine learning techniques (e.g., deep learning). Despite the potential of these techniques, these techniques in their current form are vulnerable to adversarial attacks that can cause cascaded damages with detrimental consequences for the whole network. In this paper, we explore the effect of adversarial attacks on CSON. Our experiments highlight the level of threat that CSON have to deal with in order to meet the challenges of next-generation networks and point out promising directions for future work.	Adversarial Attacks on Cognitive Self-Organizing Networks: The Challenge   and the Way Forward  Future communications and data networks are expected to be largely cognitive self-organizing networks (CSON). Such networks will have the essential property of cognitive self-organization, which can be achieved using machine learning techniques (e.g., deep learning). Despite the potential of these techniques, these techniques in their current form are vulnerable to adversarial attacks that can cause cascaded damages with detrimental consequences for the whole network. In this paper, we explore the effect of adversarial attacks on CSON. Our experiments highlight the level of threat that CSON have to deal with in order to meet the challenges of next-generation networks and point out promising directions for future work.	373
Do you have any ideas on how to get GANs to work with text?	Learning to Skim Text  Recurrent Neural Networks are showing much promise in many sub-areas of natural language processing, ranging from document classification to machine translation to automatic question answering. Despite their promise, many recurrent models have to read the whole text word by word, making it slow to handle long documents. For example, it is difficult to use a recurrent network to read a book and answer questions about it. In this paper, we present an approach of reading text while skipping irrelevant information if needed. The underlying model is a recurrent network that learns how far to jump after reading a few words of the input text. We employ a standard policy gradient method to train the model to make discrete jumping decisions. In our benchmarks on four different tasks, including number prediction, sentiment analysis, news article classification and automatic Q\&A, our proposed model, a modified LSTM with jumping, is up to 6 times faster than the standard sequential LSTM, while maintaining the same or even better accuracy.	Learning to Skim Text  Recurrent Neural Networks are showing much promise in many sub-areas of natural language processing, ranging from document classification to machine translation to automatic question answering. Despite their promise, many recurrent models have to read the whole text word by word, making it slow to handle long documents. For example, it is difficult to use a recurrent network to read a book and answer questions about it. In this paper, we present an approach of reading text while skipping irrelevant information if needed. The underlying model is a recurrent network that learns how far to jump after reading a few words of the input text. We employ a standard policy gradient method to train the model to make discrete jumping decisions. In our benchmarks on four different tasks, including number prediction, sentiment analysis, news article classification and automatic Q\&A, our proposed model, a modified LSTM with jumping, is up to 6 times faster than the standard sequential LSTM, while maintaining the same or even better accuracy.	394
Do you have any ideas on how to get GANs to work with text?	Making Efficient Use of a Domain Expert's Time in Relation Extraction  Scarcity of labeled data is one of the most frequent problems faced in machine learning. This is particularly true in relation extraction in text mining, where large corpora of texts exists in many application domains, while labeling of text data requires an expert to invest much time to read the documents. Overall, state-of-the art models, like the convolutional neural network used in this paper, achieve great results when trained on large enough amounts of labeled data. However, from a practical point of view the question arises whether this is the most efficient approach when one takes the manual effort of the expert into account. In this paper, we report on an alternative approach where we first construct a relation extraction model using distant supervision, and only later make use of a domain expert to refine the results. Distant supervision provides a mean of labeling data given known relations in a knowledge base, but it suffers from noisy labeling. We introduce an active learning based extension, that allows our neural network to incorporate expert feedback and report on first results on a complex data set.	Making Efficient Use of a Domain Expert's Time in Relation Extraction  Scarcity of labeled data is one of the most frequent problems faced in machine learning. This is particularly true in relation extraction in text mining, where large corpora of texts exists in many application domains, while labeling of text data requires an expert to invest much time to read the documents. Overall, state-of-the art models, like the convolutional neural network used in this paper, achieve great results when trained on large enough amounts of labeled data. However, from a practical point of view the question arises whether this is the most efficient approach when one takes the manual effort of the expert into account. In this paper, we report on an alternative approach where we first construct a relation extraction model using distant supervision, and only later make use of a domain expert to refine the results. Distant supervision provides a mean of labeling data given known relations in a knowledge base, but it suffers from noisy labeling. We introduce an active learning based extension, that allows our neural network to incorporate expert feedback and report on first results on a complex data set.	395
Do you have any ideas on how to get GANs to work with text?	Text-to-Image-to-Text Translation using Cycle Consistent Adversarial   Networks  Text-to-Image translation has been an active area of research in the recent past. The ability for a network to learn the meaning of a sentence and generate an accurate image that depicts the sentence shows ability of the model to think more like humans. Popular methods on text to image translation make use of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) to generate high quality images based on text input, but the generated images don't always reflect the meaning of the sentence given to the model as input. We address this issue by using a captioning network to caption on generated images and exploit the distance between ground truth captions and generated captions to improve the network further. We show extensive comparisons between our method and existing methods.	Text-to-Image-to-Text Translation using Cycle Consistent Adversarial   Networks  Text-to-Image translation has been an active area of research in the recent past. The ability for a network to learn the meaning of a sentence and generate an accurate image that depicts the sentence shows ability of the model to think more like humans. Popular methods on text to image translation make use of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) to generate high quality images based on text input, but the generated images don't always reflect the meaning of the sentence given to the model as input. We address this issue by using a captioning network to caption on generated images and exploit the distance between ground truth captions and generated captions to improve the network further. We show extensive comparisons between our method and existing methods.	388
Do you have any ideas on how to get GANs to work with text?	Automatic Text Scoring Using Neural Networks  Automated Text Scoring (ATS) provides a cost-effective and consistent alternative to human marking. However, in order to achieve good performance, the predictive features of the system need to be manually engineered by human experts. We introduce a model that forms word representations by learning the extent to which specific words contribute to the text's score. Using Long-Short Term Memory networks to represent the meaning of texts, we demonstrate that a fully automated framework is able to achieve excellent results over similar approaches. In an attempt to make our results more interpretable, and inspired by recent advances in visualizing neural networks, we introduce a novel method for identifying the regions of the text that the model has found more discriminative.	Automatic Text Scoring Using Neural Networks  Automated Text Scoring (ATS) provides a cost-effective and consistent alternative to human marking. However, in order to achieve good performance, the predictive features of the system need to be manually engineered by human experts. We introduce a model that forms word representations by learning the extent to which specific words contribute to the text's score. Using Long-Short Term Memory networks to represent the meaning of texts, we demonstrate that a fully automated framework is able to achieve excellent results over similar approaches. In an attempt to make our results more interpretable, and inspired by recent advances in visualizing neural networks, we introduce a novel method for identifying the regions of the text that the model has found more discriminative.	378
Do you have any ideas on how to get GANs to work with text?	Better Text Understanding Through Image-To-Text Transfer  Generic text embeddings are successfully used in a variety of tasks. However, they are often learnt by capturing the co-occurrence structure from pure text corpora, resulting in limitations of their ability to generalize. In this paper, we explore models that incorporate visual information into the text representation. Based on comprehensive ablation studies, we propose a conceptually simple, yet well performing architecture. It outperforms previous multimodal approaches on a set of well established benchmarks. We also improve the state-of-the-art results for image-related text datasets, using orders of magnitude less data.	Better Text Understanding Through Image-To-Text Transfer  Generic text embeddings are successfully used in a variety of tasks. However, they are often learnt by capturing the co-occurrence structure from pure text corpora, resulting in limitations of their ability to generalize. In this paper, we explore models that incorporate visual information into the text representation. Based on comprehensive ablation studies, we propose a conceptually simple, yet well performing architecture. It outperforms previous multimodal approaches on a set of well established benchmarks. We also improve the state-of-the-art results for image-related text datasets, using orders of magnitude less data.	387
In what way are Adversarial Networks related or different to Adversarial Training?	Adversarial Training Methods for Network Embedding  Network Embedding is the task of learning continuous node representations for networks, which has been shown effective in a variety of tasks such as link prediction and node classification. Most of existing works aim to preserve different network structures and properties in low-dimensional embedding vectors, while neglecting the existence of noisy information in many real-world networks and the overfitting issue in the embedding learning process. Most recently, generative adversarial networks (GANs) based regularization methods are exploited to regularize embedding learning process, which can encourage a global smoothness of embedding vectors. These methods have very complicated architecture and suffer from the well-recognized non-convergence problem of GANs. In this paper, we aim to introduce a more succinct and effective local regularization method, namely adversarial training, to network embedding so as to achieve model robustness and better generalization performance. Firstly, the adversarial training method is applied by defining adversarial perturbations in the embedding space with an adaptive $L_2$ norm constraint that depends on the connectivity pattern of node pairs. Though effective as a regularizer, it suffers from the interpretability issue which may hinder its application in certain real-world scenarios. To improve this strategy, we further propose an interpretable adversarial training method by enforcing the reconstruction of the adversarial examples in the discrete graph domain. These two regularization methods can be applied to many existing embedding models, and we take DeepWalk as the base model for illustration in the paper. Empirical evaluations in both link prediction and node classification demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods.	Adversarial Training Methods for Network Embedding  Network Embedding is the task of learning continuous node representations for networks, which has been shown effective in a variety of tasks such as link prediction and node classification. Most of existing works aim to preserve different network structures and properties in low-dimensional embedding vectors, while neglecting the existence of noisy information in many real-world networks and the overfitting issue in the embedding learning process. Most recently, generative adversarial networks (GANs) based regularization methods are exploited to regularize embedding learning process, which can encourage a global smoothness of embedding vectors. These methods have very complicated architecture and suffer from the well-recognized non-convergence problem of GANs. In this paper, we aim to introduce a more succinct and effective local regularization method, namely adversarial training, to network embedding so as to achieve model robustness and better generalization performance. Firstly, the adversarial training method is applied by defining adversarial perturbations in the embedding space with an adaptive $L_2$ norm constraint that depends on the connectivity pattern of node pairs. Though effective as a regularizer, it suffers from the interpretability issue which may hinder its application in certain real-world scenarios. To improve this strategy, we further propose an interpretable adversarial training method by enforcing the reconstruction of the adversarial examples in the discrete graph domain. These two regularization methods can be applied to many existing embedding models, and we take DeepWalk as the base model for illustration in the paper. Empirical evaluations in both link prediction and node classification demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods.	321
In what way are Adversarial Networks related or different to Adversarial Training?	Improved Network Robustness with Adversary Critic  Ideally, what confuses neural network should be confusing to humans. However, recent experiments have shown that small, imperceptible perturbations can change the network prediction. To address this gap in perception, we propose a novel approach for learning robust classifier. Our main idea is: adversarial examples for the robust classifier should be indistinguishable from the regular data of the adversarial target. We formulate a problem of learning robust classifier in the framework of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN), where the adversarial attack on classifier acts as a generator, and the critic network learns to distinguish between regular and adversarial images. The classifier cost is augmented with the objective that its adversarial examples should confuse the adversary critic. To improve the stability of the adversarial mapping, we introduce adversarial cycle-consistency constraint which ensures that the adversarial mapping of the adversarial examples is close to the original. In the experiments, we show the effectiveness of our defense. Our method surpasses in terms of robustness networks trained with adversarial training. Additionally, we verify in the experiments with human annotators on MTurk that adversarial examples are indeed visually confusing. Codes for the project are available at https://github.com/aam-at/adversary_critic.	Improved Network Robustness with Adversary Critic  Ideally, what confuses neural network should be confusing to humans. However, recent experiments have shown that small, imperceptible perturbations can change the network prediction. To address this gap in perception, we propose a novel approach for learning robust classifier. Our main idea is: adversarial examples for the robust classifier should be indistinguishable from the regular data of the adversarial target. We formulate a problem of learning robust classifier in the framework of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN), where the adversarial attack on classifier acts as a generator, and the critic network learns to distinguish between regular and adversarial images. The classifier cost is augmented with the objective that its adversarial examples should confuse the adversary critic. To improve the stability of the adversarial mapping, we introduce adversarial cycle-consistency constraint which ensures that the adversarial mapping of the adversarial examples is close to the original. In the experiments, we show the effectiveness of our defense. Our method surpasses in terms of robustness networks trained with adversarial training. Additionally, we verify in the experiments with human annotators on MTurk that adversarial examples are indeed visually confusing. Codes for the project are available at https://github.com/aam-at/adversary_critic.	313
In what way are Adversarial Networks related or different to Adversarial Training?	Adversarial Dropout for Supervised and Semi-supervised Learning  Recently, the training with adversarial examples, which are generated by adding a small but worst-case perturbation on input examples, has been proved to improve generalization performance of neural networks. In contrast to the individually biased inputs to enhance the generality, this paper introduces adversarial dropout, which is a minimal set of dropouts that maximize the divergence between the outputs from the network with the dropouts and the training supervisions. The identified adversarial dropout are used to reconfigure the neural network to train, and we demonstrated that training on the reconfigured sub-network improves the generalization performance of supervised and semi-supervised learning tasks on MNIST and CIFAR-10. We analyzed the trained model to reason the performance improvement, and we found that adversarial dropout increases the sparsity of neural networks more than the standard dropout does.	Adversarial Dropout for Supervised and Semi-supervised Learning  Recently, the training with adversarial examples, which are generated by adding a small but worst-case perturbation on input examples, has been proved to improve generalization performance of neural networks. In contrast to the individually biased inputs to enhance the generality, this paper introduces adversarial dropout, which is a minimal set of dropouts that maximize the divergence between the outputs from the network with the dropouts and the training supervisions. The identified adversarial dropout are used to reconfigure the neural network to train, and we demonstrated that training on the reconfigured sub-network improves the generalization performance of supervised and semi-supervised learning tasks on MNIST and CIFAR-10. We analyzed the trained model to reason the performance improvement, and we found that adversarial dropout increases the sparsity of neural networks more than the standard dropout does.	321
In what way are Adversarial Networks related or different to Adversarial Training?	Is Fast Adaptation All You Need?  Gradient-based meta-learning has proven to be highly effective at learning model initializations, representations, and update rules that allow fast adaptation from a few samples. The core idea behind these approaches is to use fast adaptation and generalization -- two second-order metrics -- as training signals on a meta-training dataset. However, little attention has been given to other possible second-order metrics. In this paper, we investigate a different training signal -- robustness to catastrophic interference -- and demonstrate that representations learned by directing minimizing interference are more conducive to incremental learning than those learned by just maximizing fast adaptation.	Is Fast Adaptation All You Need?  Gradient-based meta-learning has proven to be highly effective at learning model initializations, representations, and update rules that allow fast adaptation from a few samples. The core idea behind these approaches is to use fast adaptation and generalization -- two second-order metrics -- as training signals on a meta-training dataset. However, little attention has been given to other possible second-order metrics. In this paper, we investigate a different training signal -- robustness to catastrophic interference -- and demonstrate that representations learned by directing minimizing interference are more conducive to incremental learning than those learned by just maximizing fast adaptation.	312
In what way are Adversarial Networks related or different to Adversarial Training?	Emergence of Network Motifs in Deep Neural Networks  Network science can offer fundamental insights into the structural and functional properties of complex systems. For example, it is widely known that neuronal circuits tend to organize into basic functional topological modules, called "network motifs". In this article we show that network science tools can be successfully applied also to the study of artificial neural networks operating according to self-organizing (learning) principles. In particular, we study the emergence of network motifs in multi-layer perceptrons, whose initial connectivity is defined as a stack of fully-connected, bipartite graphs. Our simulations show that the final network topology is primarily shaped by learning dynamics, but can be strongly biased by choosing appropriate weight initialization schemes. Overall, our results suggest that non-trivial initialization strategies can make learning more effective by promoting the development of useful network motifs, which are often surprisingly consistent with those observed in general transduction networks.	Emergence of Network Motifs in Deep Neural Networks  Network science can offer fundamental insights into the structural and functional properties of complex systems. For example, it is widely known that neuronal circuits tend to organize into basic functional topological modules, called "network motifs". In this article we show that network science tools can be successfully applied also to the study of artificial neural networks operating according to self-organizing (learning) principles. In particular, we study the emergence of network motifs in multi-layer perceptrons, whose initial connectivity is defined as a stack of fully-connected, bipartite graphs. Our simulations show that the final network topology is primarily shaped by learning dynamics, but can be strongly biased by choosing appropriate weight initialization schemes. Overall, our results suggest that non-trivial initialization strategies can make learning more effective by promoting the development of useful network motifs, which are often surprisingly consistent with those observed in general transduction networks.	323
What are the pros and cons of using generative adversarial networks (a type of neural network)?	Detecting Adversarial Examples and Other Misclassifications in Neural   Networks by Introspection  Despite having excellent performances for a wide variety of tasks, modern neural networks are unable to provide a reliable confidence value allowing to detect misclassifications. This limitation is at the heart of what is known as an adversarial example, where the network provides a wrong prediction associated with a strong confidence to a slightly modified image. Moreover, this overconfidence issue has also been observed for regular errors and out-of-distribution data. We tackle this problem by what we call introspection, i.e. using the information provided by the logits of an already pretrained neural network. We show that by training a simple 3-layers neural network on top of the logit activations, we are able to detect misclassifications at a competitive level.	Detecting Adversarial Examples and Other Misclassifications in Neural   Networks by Introspection  Despite having excellent performances for a wide variety of tasks, modern neural networks are unable to provide a reliable confidence value allowing to detect misclassifications. This limitation is at the heart of what is known as an adversarial example, where the network provides a wrong prediction associated with a strong confidence to a slightly modified image. Moreover, this overconfidence issue has also been observed for regular errors and out-of-distribution data. We tackle this problem by what we call introspection, i.e. using the information provided by the logits of an already pretrained neural network. We show that by training a simple 3-layers neural network on top of the logit activations, we are able to detect misclassifications at a competitive level.	333
What are the pros and cons of using generative adversarial networks (a type of neural network)?	Recurrent Neural Networks with Stochastic Layers for Acoustic Novelty   Detection  In this paper, we adapt Recurrent Neural Networks with Stochastic Layers, which are the state-of-the-art for generating text, music and speech, to the problem of acoustic novelty detection. By integrating uncertainty into the hidden states, this type of network is able to learn the distribution of complex sequences. Because the learned distribution can be calculated explicitly in terms of probability, we can evaluate how likely an observation is then detect low-probability events as novel. The model is robust, highly unsupervised, end-to-end and requires minimum preprocessing, feature engineering or hyperparameter tuning. An experiment on a benchmark dataset shows that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art acoustic novelty detectors.	Recurrent Neural Networks with Stochastic Layers for Acoustic Novelty   Detection  In this paper, we adapt Recurrent Neural Networks with Stochastic Layers, which are the state-of-the-art for generating text, music and speech, to the problem of acoustic novelty detection. By integrating uncertainty into the hidden states, this type of network is able to learn the distribution of complex sequences. Because the learned distribution can be calculated explicitly in terms of probability, we can evaluate how likely an observation is then detect low-probability events as novel. The model is robust, highly unsupervised, end-to-end and requires minimum preprocessing, feature engineering or hyperparameter tuning. An experiment on a benchmark dataset shows that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art acoustic novelty detectors.	329
What are the pros and cons of using generative adversarial networks (a type of neural network)?	Universality Theorems for Generative Models  Despite the fact that generative models are extremely successful in practice, the theory underlying this phenomenon is only starting to catch up with practice. In this work we address the question of the universality of generative models: is it true that neural networks can approximate any data manifold arbitrarily well? We provide a positive answer to this question and show that under mild assumptions on the activation function one can always find a feedforward neural network that maps the latent space onto a set located within the specified Hausdorff distance from the desired data manifold. We also prove similar theorems for the case of multiclass generative models and cycle generative models, trained to map samples from one manifold to another and vice versa.	Universality Theorems for Generative Models  Despite the fact that generative models are extremely successful in practice, the theory underlying this phenomenon is only starting to catch up with practice. In this work we address the question of the universality of generative models: is it true that neural networks can approximate any data manifold arbitrarily well? We provide a positive answer to this question and show that under mild assumptions on the activation function one can always find a feedforward neural network that maps the latent space onto a set located within the specified Hausdorff distance from the desired data manifold. We also prove similar theorems for the case of multiclass generative models and cycle generative models, trained to map samples from one manifold to another and vice versa.	322
What are the pros and cons of using generative adversarial networks (a type of neural network)?	Adversarial VC-dimension and Sample Complexity of Neural Networks  Adversarial attacks during the testing phase of neural networks pose a challenge for the deployment of neural networks in security critical settings. These attacks can be performed by adding noise that is imperceptible to humans on top of the original data. By doing so, an attacker can create an adversarial sample, which will cause neural networks to misclassify. In this paper, we seek to understand the theoretical limits of what can be learned by neural networks in the presence of an adversary. We first defined the hypothesis space of a neural network, and showed the relationship between the growth number of the entire neural network and the growth number of each neuron. Combine that with the adversarial Vapnik-Chervonenkis(VC)-dimension of halfspace classifiers, we concluded the adversarial VC-dimension of the neural networks with sign activation functions.	Adversarial VC-dimension and Sample Complexity of Neural Networks  Adversarial attacks during the testing phase of neural networks pose a challenge for the deployment of neural networks in security critical settings. These attacks can be performed by adding noise that is imperceptible to humans on top of the original data. By doing so, an attacker can create an adversarial sample, which will cause neural networks to misclassify. In this paper, we seek to understand the theoretical limits of what can be learned by neural networks in the presence of an adversary. We first defined the hypothesis space of a neural network, and showed the relationship between the growth number of the entire neural network and the growth number of each neuron. Combine that with the adversarial Vapnik-Chervonenkis(VC)-dimension of halfspace classifiers, we concluded the adversarial VC-dimension of the neural networks with sign activation functions.	326
What are the pros and cons of using generative adversarial networks (a type of neural network)?	Asymptotically unbiased estimation of physical observables with neural   samplers  We propose a general framework for the estimation of observables with generative neural samplers focusing on modern deep generative neural networks that provide an exact sampling probability. In this framework, we present asymptotically unbiased estimators for generic observables, including those that explicitly depend on the partition function such as free energy or entropy, and derive corresponding variance estimators. We demonstrate their practical applicability by numerical experiments for the 2d Ising model which highlight the superiority over existing methods. Our approach greatly enhances the applicability of generative neural samplers to real-world physical systems.	Asymptotically unbiased estimation of physical observables with neural   samplers  We propose a general framework for the estimation of observables with generative neural samplers focusing on modern deep generative neural networks that provide an exact sampling probability. In this framework, we present asymptotically unbiased estimators for generic observables, including those that explicitly depend on the partition function such as free energy or entropy, and derive corresponding variance estimators. We demonstrate their practical applicability by numerical experiments for the 2d Ising model which highlight the superiority over existing methods. Our approach greatly enhances the applicability of generative neural samplers to real-world physical systems.	318
Can Generative Adversarial networks use multi-class labels?	Multi-class Classification without Multi-class Labels  This work presents a new strategy for multi-class classification that requires no class-specific labels, but instead leverages pairwise similarity between examples, which is a weaker form of annotation. The proposed method, meta classification learning, optimizes a binary classifier for pairwise similarity prediction and through this process learns a multi-class classifier as a submodule. We formulate this approach, present a probabilistic graphical model for it, and derive a surprisingly simple loss function that can be used to learn neural network-based models. We then demonstrate that this same framework generalizes to the supervised, unsupervised cross-task, and semi-supervised settings. Our method is evaluated against state of the art in all three learning paradigms and shows a superior or comparable accuracy, providing evidence that learning multi-class classification without multi-class labels is a viable learning option.	Multi-class Classification without Multi-class Labels  This work presents a new strategy for multi-class classification that requires no class-specific labels, but instead leverages pairwise similarity between examples, which is a weaker form of annotation. The proposed method, meta classification learning, optimizes a binary classifier for pairwise similarity prediction and through this process learns a multi-class classifier as a submodule. We formulate this approach, present a probabilistic graphical model for it, and derive a surprisingly simple loss function that can be used to learn neural network-based models. We then demonstrate that this same framework generalizes to the supervised, unsupervised cross-task, and semi-supervised settings. Our method is evaluated against state of the art in all three learning paradigms and shows a superior or comparable accuracy, providing evidence that learning multi-class classification without multi-class labels is a viable learning option.	353
Can Generative Adversarial networks use multi-class labels?	Multiclass Learning with Simplex Coding  In this paper we discuss a novel framework for multiclass learning, defined by a suitable coding/decoding strategy, namely the simplex coding, that allows to generalize to multiple classes a relaxation approach commonly used in binary classification. In this framework, a relaxation error analysis can be developed avoiding constraints on the considered hypotheses class. Moreover, we show that in this setting it is possible to derive the first provably consistent regularized method with training/tuning complexity which is independent to the number of classes. Tools from convex analysis are introduced that can be used beyond the scope of this paper.	Multiclass Learning with Simplex Coding  In this paper we discuss a novel framework for multiclass learning, defined by a suitable coding/decoding strategy, namely the simplex coding, that allows to generalize to multiple classes a relaxation approach commonly used in binary classification. In this framework, a relaxation error analysis can be developed avoiding constraints on the considered hypotheses class. Moreover, we show that in this setting it is possible to derive the first provably consistent regularized method with training/tuning complexity which is independent to the number of classes. Tools from convex analysis are introduced that can be used beyond the scope of this paper.	356
Can Generative Adversarial networks use multi-class labels?	DANE: Domain Adaptive Network Embedding  Recent works reveal that network embedding techniques enable many machine learning models to handle diverse downstream tasks on graph structured data. However, as previous methods usually focus on learning embeddings for a single network, they can not learn representations transferable on multiple networks. Hence, it is important to design a network embedding algorithm that supports downstream model transferring on different networks, known as domain adaptation. In this paper, we propose a novel Domain Adaptive Network Embedding framework, which applies graph convolutional network to learn transferable embeddings. In DANE, nodes from multiple networks are encoded to vectors via a shared set of learnable parameters so that the vectors share an aligned embedding space. The distribution of embeddings on different networks are further aligned by adversarial learning regularization. In addition, DANE's advantage in learning transferable network embedding can be guaranteed theoretically. Extensive experiments reflect that the proposed framework outperforms other state-of-the-art network embedding baselines in cross-network domain adaptation tasks.	DANE: Domain Adaptive Network Embedding  Recent works reveal that network embedding techniques enable many machine learning models to handle diverse downstream tasks on graph structured data. However, as previous methods usually focus on learning embeddings for a single network, they can not learn representations transferable on multiple networks. Hence, it is important to design a network embedding algorithm that supports downstream model transferring on different networks, known as domain adaptation. In this paper, we propose a novel Domain Adaptive Network Embedding framework, which applies graph convolutional network to learn transferable embeddings. In DANE, nodes from multiple networks are encoded to vectors via a shared set of learnable parameters so that the vectors share an aligned embedding space. The distribution of embeddings on different networks are further aligned by adversarial learning regularization. In addition, DANE's advantage in learning transferable network embedding can be guaranteed theoretically. Extensive experiments reflect that the proposed framework outperforms other state-of-the-art network embedding baselines in cross-network domain adaptation tasks.	351
Can Generative Adversarial networks use multi-class labels?	A pragmatic approach to multi-class classification  We present a novel hierarchical approach to multi-class classification which is generic in that it can be applied to different classification models (e.g., support vector machines, perceptrons), and makes no explicit assumptions about the probabilistic structure of the problem as it is usually done in multi-class classification. By adding a cascade of additional classifiers, each of which receives the previous classifier's output in addition to regular input data, the approach harnesses unused information that manifests itself in the form of, e.g., correlations between predicted classes. Using multilayer perceptrons as a classification model, we demonstrate the validity of this approach by testing it on a complex ten-class 3D gesture recognition task.	A pragmatic approach to multi-class classification  We present a novel hierarchical approach to multi-class classification which is generic in that it can be applied to different classification models (e.g., support vector machines, perceptrons), and makes no explicit assumptions about the probabilistic structure of the problem as it is usually done in multi-class classification. By adding a cascade of additional classifiers, each of which receives the previous classifier's output in addition to regular input data, the approach harnesses unused information that manifests itself in the form of, e.g., correlations between predicted classes. Using multilayer perceptrons as a classification model, we demonstrate the validity of this approach by testing it on a complex ten-class 3D gesture recognition task.	350
Can Generative Adversarial networks use multi-class labels?	Connectivity Learning in Multi-Branch Networks  While much of the work in the design of convolutional networks over the last five years has revolved around the empirical investigation of the importance of depth, filter sizes, and number of feature channels, recent studies have shown that branching, i.e., splitting the computation along parallel but distinct threads and then aggregating their outputs, represents a new promising dimension for significant improvements in performance. To combat the complexity of design choices in multi-branch architectures, prior work has adopted simple strategies, such as a fixed branching factor, the same input being fed to all parallel branches, and an additive combination of the outputs produced by all branches at aggregation points.   In this work we remove these predefined choices and propose an algorithm to learn the connections between branches in the network. Instead of being chosen a priori by the human designer, the multi-branch connectivity is learned simultaneously with the weights of the network by optimizing a single loss function defined with respect to the end task. We demonstrate our approach on the problem of multi-class image classification using three different datasets where it yields consistently higher accuracy compared to the state-of-the-art "ResNeXt" multi-branch network given the same learning capacity.	Connectivity Learning in Multi-Branch Networks  While much of the work in the design of convolutional networks over the last five years has revolved around the empirical investigation of the importance of depth, filter sizes, and number of feature channels, recent studies have shown that branching, i.e., splitting the computation along parallel but distinct threads and then aggregating their outputs, represents a new promising dimension for significant improvements in performance. To combat the complexity of design choices in multi-branch architectures, prior work has adopted simple strategies, such as a fixed branching factor, the same input being fed to all parallel branches, and an additive combination of the outputs produced by all branches at aggregation points.   In this work we remove these predefined choices and propose an algorithm to learn the connections between branches in the network. Instead of being chosen a priori by the human designer, the multi-branch connectivity is learned simultaneously with the weights of the network by optimizing a single loss function defined with respect to the end task. We demonstrate our approach on the problem of multi-class image classification using three different datasets where it yields consistently higher accuracy compared to the state-of-the-art "ResNeXt" multi-branch network given the same learning capacity.	348
