What are the advantages of different classification algorithms?	 To prevent this, we propose a constrained ad auction framework that maximizes the platform's revenue conditioned on ensuring that the audience seeing an advertiser's ad is distributed appropriately across sensitive types such as gender or race. Building upon Myerson's classic work, we first present an optimal auction mechanism for a large class of fairness constraints.  Finding the parameters of this optimal auction, however, turns out to be a non-convex problem. We show that this non-convex problem can be reformulated as a more structured non-convex problem with no saddle points or local-maxima; this allows us to develop a gradient-descent-based algorithm to solve it. Our empirical results on the A1 Yahoo! dataset demonstrate that our algorithm can obtain uniform coverage across different user types for each advertiser at a minor loss to the revenue of the platform, and a small change to the size of the audience each advertiser reaches.	 To prevent this, we propose a constrained ad auction framework that maximizes the platform's revenue conditioned on ensuring that the audience seeing an advertiser's ad is distributed appropriately across sensitive types such as gender or race. Building upon Myerson's classic work, we first present an optimal auction mechanism for a large class of fairness constraints.  Finding the parameters of this optimal auction, however, turns out to be a non-convex problem. We show that this non-convex problem can be reformulated as a more structured non-convex problem with no saddle points or local-maxima; this allows us to develop a gradient-descent-based algorithm to solve it. Our empirical results on the A1 Yahoo! dataset demonstrate that our algorithm can obtain uniform coverage across different user types for each advertiser at a minor loss to the revenue of the platform, and a small change to the size of the audience each advertiser reaches.	350
What are the advantages of different classification algorithms?	A Greedy Algorithm to Cluster Specialists  Several recent deep neural networks experiments leverage the generalist-specialist paradigm for classification. However, no formal study compared the performance of different clustering algorithms for class assignment. In this paper we perform such a study, suggest slight modifications to the clustering procedures, and propose a novel algorithm designed to optimize the performance of of the specialist-generalist classification system.  Our experiments on the CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets allow us to investigate situations for varying number of classes on similar data. We find that our \emph{greedy pairs} clustering algorithm consistently outperforms other alternatives, while the choice of the confusion matrix has little impact on the final performance.	A Greedy Algorithm to Cluster Specialists  Several recent deep neural networks experiments leverage the generalist-specialist paradigm for classification. However, no formal study compared the performance of different clustering algorithms for class assignment. In this paper we perform such a study, suggest slight modifications to the clustering procedures, and propose a novel algorithm designed to optimize the performance of of the specialist-generalist classification system.  Our experiments on the CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets allow us to investigate situations for varying number of classes on similar data. We find that our \emph{greedy pairs} clustering algorithm consistently outperforms other alternatives, while the choice of the confusion matrix has little impact on the final performance.	334
What are the advantages of different classification algorithms?	 However, most of the existing works on emotion detection used less efficient machine learning classifiers with limited datasets, resulting in performance degradation. To overcome this issue, this work aims at the evaluation of the performance of different machine learning classifiers on a benchmark emotion dataset. The experimental results show the performance of different machine learning classifiers in terms of different evaluation metrics like precision, recall ad f-measure. Finally, a classifier with the best performance is recommended for the emotion classification.	 However, most of the existing works on emotion detection used less efficient machine learning classifiers with limited datasets, resulting in performance degradation. To overcome this issue, this work aims at the evaluation of the performance of different machine learning classifiers on a benchmark emotion dataset. The experimental results show the performance of different machine learning classifiers in terms of different evaluation metrics like precision, recall ad f-measure. Finally, a classifier with the best performance is recommended for the emotion classification.	357
What are the advantages of different classification algorithms?	 However, classifiers operating in adversarial domains are vulnerable to evasion attacks by an adversary, who is capable of learning the behavior of the system by employing intelligently crafted probes. Classification accuracy in such domains provides a false sense of security, as detection can easily be evaded by carefully perturbing the input samples.	 However, classifiers operating in adversarial domains are vulnerable to evasion attacks by an adversary, who is capable of learning the behavior of the system by employing intelligently crafted probes. Classification accuracy in such domains provides a false sense of security, as detection can easily be evaded by carefully perturbing the input samples.	356
What are the advantages of different classification algorithms?	 Each Advocate produces a class-conditional representation with the goal of convincing the Judge that the input example belongs to their class, even when the input belongs to a different class. Applied to several different classification tasks, we show that advocacy learning can lead to small improvements in classification accuracy over an identical supervised baseline.  Though a series of follow-up experiments, we analyze when and how such class-conditional representations improve discriminative performance. Though somewhat counter-intuitive, a framework in which subnetworks are trained to competitively provide evidence in support of their class shows promise, in many cases performing on par with standard learning approaches. This provides a foundation for further exploration into competition and class-conditional representations in supervised learning.	 Each Advocate produces a class-conditional representation with the goal of convincing the Judge that the input example belongs to their class, even when the input belongs to a different class. Applied to several different classification tasks, we show that advocacy learning can lead to small improvements in classification accuracy over an identical supervised baseline.  Though a series of follow-up experiments, we analyze when and how such class-conditional representations improve discriminative performance. Though somewhat counter-intuitive, a framework in which subnetworks are trained to competitively provide evidence in support of their class shows promise, in many cases performing on par with standard learning approaches. This provides a foundation for further exploration into competition and class-conditional representations in supervised learning.	348
What are the advantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Building Diversified Multiple Trees for Classification in High   Dimensional Noisy Biomedical Data  It is common that a trained classification model is applied to the operating data that is deviated from the training data because of noise. This paper demonstrates that an ensemble classifier, Diversified Multiple Tree (DMT), is more robust in classifying noisy data than other widely used ensemble methods.  DMT is tested on three real world biomedical data sets from different laboratories in comparison with four benchmark ensemble classifiers. Experimental results show that DMT is significantly more accurate than other benchmark ensemble classifiers on noisy test data. We also discuss a limitation of DMT and its possible variations.	Building Diversified Multiple Trees for Classification in High   Dimensional Noisy Biomedical Data  It is common that a trained classification model is applied to the operating data that is deviated from the training data because of noise. This paper demonstrates that an ensemble classifier, Diversified Multiple Tree (DMT), is more robust in classifying noisy data than other widely used ensemble methods.  DMT is tested on three real world biomedical data sets from different laboratories in comparison with four benchmark ensemble classifiers. Experimental results show that DMT is significantly more accurate than other benchmark ensemble classifiers on noisy test data. We also discuss a limitation of DMT and its possible variations.	333
What are the advantages of using a decision tree for classification?	 In this article, two classifiers are constructed using random forests. To begin, the first two semesters of courses completed by a student are used to predict if they will obtain an undergraduate degree. Secondly, for the students that completed a program, their major is predicted using once again the first few courses they have registered to.  A classification tree is an intuitive and powerful classifier and building a random forest of trees improves this classifier. Random forests also allow for reliable variable importance measurements. These measures explain what variables are useful to the classifiers and can be used to better understand what is statistically related to the students' situation. The results are two accurate classifiers and a variable importance analysis that provides useful information to university administrations.	 A classification tree is an intuitive and powerful classifier and building a random forest of trees improves this classifier. Random forests also allow for reliable variable importance measurements. These measures explain what variables are useful to the classifiers and can be used to better understand what is statistically related to the students' situation. The results are two accurate classifiers and a variable importance analysis that provides useful information to university administrations.	350
What are the advantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Efficient Decision Trees for Multi-class Support Vector Machines Using   Entropy and Generalization Error Estimation  We propose new methods for Support Vector Machines (SVMs) using tree architecture for multi-class classi- fication. In each node of the tree, we select an appropriate binary classifier using entropy and generalization error estimation, then group the examples into positive and negative classes based on the selected classi- fier and train a new classifier for use in the classification phase.	Efficient Decision Trees for Multi-class Support Vector Machines Using   Entropy and Generalization Error Estimation  We propose new methods for Support Vector Machines (SVMs) using tree architecture for multi-class classi- fication. In each node of the tree, we select an appropriate binary classifier using entropy and generalization error estimation, then group the examples into positive and negative classes based on the selected classi- fier and train a new classifier for use in the classification phase.	343
What are the advantages of using a decision tree for classification?	 However, classifiers operating in adversarial domains are vulnerable to evasion attacks by an adversary, who is capable of learning the behavior of the system by employing intelligently crafted probes. Classification accuracy in such domains provides a false sense of security, as detection can easily be evaded by carefully perturbing the input samples.	 However, classifiers operating in adversarial domains are vulnerable to evasion attacks by an adversary, who is capable of learning the behavior of the system by employing intelligently crafted probes. Classification accuracy in such domains provides a false sense of security, as detection can easily be evaded by carefully perturbing the input samples.	353
What are the advantages of using a decision tree for classification?	 The key concept of this work is to evaluate how well social network measures when combined with other features gained from the feature engineering align with the classification of the members of organizational social network. As a technique for answering this research question, machine learning apparatus was employed.  Here, for the classification task, Decision Trees, Random Forest, {Neural Networks and Support Vector Machines} have been evaluated, as well as a collective classification algorithm, which is also proposed in this paper. The results demonstrate that the social network built using the metadata on communication highly exposes the organizational structure.	 Here, for the classification task, Decision Trees, Random Forest, {Neural Networks and Support Vector Machines} have been evaluated, as well as a collective classification algorithm, which is also proposed in this paper. The results demonstrate that the social network built using the metadata on communication highly exposes the organizational structure.	332
What are the disadvantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Building Diversified Multiple Trees for Classification in High   Dimensional Noisy Biomedical Data  It is common that a trained classification model is applied to the operating data that is deviated from the training data because of noise. This paper demonstrates that an ensemble classifier, Diversified Multiple Tree (DMT), is more robust in classifying noisy data than other widely used ensemble methods.  DMT is tested on three real world biomedical data sets from different laboratories in comparison with four benchmark ensemble classifiers. Experimental results show that DMT is significantly more accurate than other benchmark ensemble classifiers on noisy test data. We also discuss a limitation of DMT and its possible variations.	Building Diversified Multiple Trees for Classification in High   Dimensional Noisy Biomedical Data  It is common that a trained classification model is applied to the operating data that is deviated from the training data because of noise. This paper demonstrates that an ensemble classifier, Diversified Multiple Tree (DMT), is more robust in classifying noisy data than other widely used ensemble methods.  DMT is tested on three real world biomedical data sets from different laboratories in comparison with four benchmark ensemble classifiers. Experimental results show that DMT is significantly more accurate than other benchmark ensemble classifiers on noisy test data. We also discuss a limitation of DMT and its possible variations.	339
What are the disadvantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Efficient Decision Trees for Multi-class Support Vector Machines Using   Entropy and Generalization Error Estimation  We propose new methods for Support Vector Machines (SVMs) using tree architecture for multi-class classi- fication. In each node of the tree, we select an appropriate binary classifier using entropy and generalization error estimation, then group the examples into positive and negative classes based on the selected classi- fier and train a new classifier for use in the classification phase.	Efficient Decision Trees for Multi-class Support Vector Machines Using   Entropy and Generalization Error Estimation  We propose new methods for Support Vector Machines (SVMs) using tree architecture for multi-class classi- fication. In each node of the tree, we select an appropriate binary classifier using entropy and generalization error estimation, then group the examples into positive and negative classes based on the selected classi- fier and train a new classifier for use in the classification phase.	341
What are the disadvantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Which Spatial Partition Trees are Adaptive to Intrinsic Dimension?  Recent theory work has found that a special type of spatial partition tree - called a random projection tree - is adaptive to the intrinsic dimension of the data from which it is built. Here we examine this same question, with a combination of theory and experiments, for a broader class of trees that includes k-d trees, dyadic trees, and PCA trees.  Our motivation is to get a feel for (i) the kind of intrinsic low dimensional structure that can be empirically verified, (ii) the extent to which a spatial partition can exploit such structure, and (iii) the implications for standard statistical tasks such as regression, vector quantization, and nearest neighbor search.	Which Spatial Partition Trees are Adaptive to Intrinsic Dimension?  Recent theory work has found that a special type of spatial partition tree - called a random projection tree - is adaptive to the intrinsic dimension of the data from which it is built. Here we examine this same question, with a combination of theory and experiments, for a broader class of trees that includes k-d trees, dyadic trees, and PCA trees.  Our motivation is to get a feel for (i) the kind of intrinsic low dimensional structure that can be empirically verified, (ii) the extent to which a spatial partition can exploit such structure, and (iii) the implications for standard statistical tasks such as regression, vector quantization, and nearest neighbor search.	342
What are the disadvantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Stochastic Gradient Trees  We present an algorithm for learning decision trees using stochastic gradient information as the source of supervision. In contrast to previous approaches to gradient-based tree learning, our method operates in the incremental learning setting rather than the batch learning setting, and does not make use of soft splits or require the construction of a new tree for every update.  We demonstrate how one can apply these decision trees to different problems by changing only the loss function, using classification, regression, and multi-instance learning as example applications. In the experimental evaluation, our method performs similarly to standard incremental classification trees, outperforms state of the art incremental regression trees, and achieves comparable performance with batch multi-instance learning methods.	 We demonstrate how one can apply these decision trees to different problems by changing only the loss function, using classification, regression, and multi-instance learning as example applications. In the experimental evaluation, our method performs similarly to standard incremental classification trees, outperforms state of the art incremental regression trees, and achieves comparable performance with batch multi-instance learning methods.	331
What are the disadvantages of using a decision tree for classification?	Is rotation forest the best classifier for problems with continuous   features?  In short, our experiments suggest that yes, on average, rotation forest is better than the most common alternatives when all the attributes are real-valued. Rotation forest is a tree based ensemble that performs transforms on subsets of attributes prior to constructing each tree.  We present an empirical comparison of classifiers for problems with only real-valued features. We evaluate classifiers from three families of algorithms: support vector machines; tree-based ensembles; and neural networks tuned with a large grid search. We compare classifiers on unseen data based on the quality of the decision rule (using classification error) the ability to rank cases (area under the receiver operating characteristic) and the probability estimates (using negative log likelihood).	Is rotation forest the best classifier for problems with continuous   features?  In short, our experiments suggest that yes, on average, rotation forest is better than the most common alternatives when all the attributes are real-valued. Rotation forest is a tree based ensemble that performs transforms on subsets of attributes prior to constructing each tree.  We present an empirical comparison of classifiers for problems with only real-valued features. We evaluate classifiers from three families of algorithms: support vector machines; tree-based ensembles; and neural networks tuned with a large grid search. We compare classifiers on unseen data based on the quality of the decision rule (using classification error) the ability to rank cases (area under the receiver operating characteristic) and the probability estimates (using negative log likelihood).	338
What are the advantages of logistic regression over decision trees?	 Decision tree is the most popular machine learning classification technique that is used in existing context-aware mobile intelligent interruption management (MIIM) model to overcome such issues. However, a single decision tree based context-aware model may cause overfitting problem and thus decrease the prediction accuracy of the inferred model.  Therefore, in this paper, we propose an ensemble machine learning based context-aware mobile telephony model for the purpose of intelligent interruption management by taking into account multi-dimensional contexts and name it "E-MIIM". The experimental results on individuals' real life mobile telephony datasets show that our E-MIIM model is more effective and outperforms existing MIIM model for predicting and managing individual's mobile telephony interruptions based on their relevant contextual information.	 Decision tree is the most popular machine learning classification technique that is used in existing context-aware mobile intelligent interruption management (MIIM) model to overcome such issues. However, a single decision tree based context-aware model may cause overfitting problem and thus decrease the prediction accuracy of the inferred model.  Therefore, in this paper, we propose an ensemble machine learning based context-aware mobile telephony model for the purpose of intelligent interruption management by taking into account multi-dimensional contexts and name it "E-MIIM". The experimental results on individuals' real life mobile telephony datasets show that our E-MIIM model is more effective and outperforms existing MIIM model for predicting and managing individual's mobile telephony interruptions based on their relevant contextual information.	358
What are the advantages of logistic regression over decision trees?	 We work on both $\ell_2$ and $\ell_1$ norm regularizations. Then, we show that bootstrap aggregating (bagging) reduces the variance of estimation. Boosting, specifically AdaBoost, is introduced and it is explained as both an additive model and a maximum margin model, i.e., Support Vector Machine (SVM).  The upper bound on the generalization error of boosting is also provided to show why boosting prevents from overfitting. As examples of regularization, the theory of ridge and lasso regressions, weight decay, noise injection to input/weights, and early stopping are explained. Random forest, dropout, histogram of oriented gradients, and single shot multi-box detector are explained as examples of bagging in machine learning and computer vision. Finally, boosting tree and SVM models are mentioned as examples of boosting.	 The upper bound on the generalization error of boosting is also provided to show why boosting prevents from overfitting. As examples of regularization, the theory of ridge and lasso regressions, weight decay, noise injection to input/weights, and early stopping are explained. Random forest, dropout, histogram of oriented gradients, and single shot multi-box detector are explained as examples of bagging in machine learning and computer vision. Finally, boosting tree and SVM models are mentioned as examples of boosting.	368
What are the advantages of logistic regression over decision trees?	 We then propose a novel extension of gradient tree boosting to specifically address this issue. At each iteration of this new method, a regression tree structure is grown to fit a single random projection of the current residuals and the predictions of this tree are fitted linearly to the current residuals of all the outputs, independently.  Because of this linear fit, the method can adapt automatically to any output correlation structure. Extensive experiments are conducted with this method, as well as other algorithmic variants, on several artificial and real problems. Randomly projecting the output space is shown to provide a better adaptation to different output correlation patterns and is therefore competitive with the best of the other methods in most settings. Thanks to model sharing, the convergence speed is also improved, reducing the computing times (or the complexity of the model) to reach a specific accuracy.	 We then propose a novel extension of gradient tree boosting to specifically address this issue. At each iteration of this new method, a regression tree structure is grown to fit a single random projection of the current residuals and the predictions of this tree are fitted linearly to the current residuals of all the outputs, independently.  Because of this linear fit, the method can adapt automatically to any output correlation structure. Extensive experiments are conducted with this method, as well as other algorithmic variants, on several artificial and real problems. Randomly projecting the output space is shown to provide a better adaptation to different output correlation patterns and is therefore competitive with the best of the other methods in most settings. Thanks to model sharing, the convergence speed is also improved, reducing the computing times (or the complexity of the model) to reach a specific accuracy.	365
What are the advantages of logistic regression over decision trees?	DART: Dropouts meet Multiple Additive Regression Trees  Multiple Additive Regression Trees (MART), an ensemble model of boosted regression trees, is known to deliver high prediction accuracy for diverse tasks, and it is widely used in practice. However, it suffers an issue which we call over-specialization, wherein trees added at later iterations tend to impact the prediction of only a few instances, and make negligible contribution towards the remaining instances.  This negatively affects the performance of the model on unseen data, and also makes the model over-sensitive to the contributions of the few, initially added tress. We show that the commonly used tool to address this issue, that of shrinkage, alleviates the problem only to a certain extent and the fundamental issue of over-specialization still remains.	DART: Dropouts meet Multiple Additive Regression Trees  Multiple Additive Regression Trees (MART), an ensemble model of boosted regression trees, is known to deliver high prediction accuracy for diverse tasks, and it is widely used in practice. However, it suffers an issue which we call over-specialization, wherein trees added at later iterations tend to impact the prediction of only a few instances, and make negligible contribution towards the remaining instances.  This negatively affects the performance of the model on unseen data, and also makes the model over-sensitive to the contributions of the few, initially added tress. We show that the commonly used tool to address this issue, that of shrinkage, alleviates the problem only to a certain extent and the fundamental issue of over-specialization still remains.	373
What are the advantages of logistic regression over decision trees?	 This paper studies the vertical federated learning structure for logistic regression where the data sets at two parties have the same sample IDs but own disjoint subsets of features. Existing frameworks adopt the first-order stochastic gradient descent algorithm, which requires large number of communication rounds.  To address the communication challenge, we propose a quasi-Newton method based vertical federated learning framework for logistic regression under the additively homomorphic encryption scheme. Our approach can considerably reduce the number of communication rounds with a little additional communication cost per round. Numerical results demonstrate the advantages of our approach over the first-order method.	 This paper studies the vertical federated learning structure for logistic regression where the data sets at two parties have the same sample IDs but own disjoint subsets of features. Existing frameworks adopt the first-order stochastic gradient descent algorithm, which requires large number of communication rounds.  To address the communication challenge, we propose a quasi-Newton method based vertical federated learning framework for logistic regression under the additively homomorphic encryption scheme. Our approach can considerably reduce the number of communication rounds with a little additional communication cost per round. Numerical results demonstrate the advantages of our approach over the first-order method.	371
How does randomization in a random forest work?	Banzhaf Random Forests  Random forests are a type of ensemble method which makes predictions by combining the results of several independent trees. However, the theory of random forests has long been outpaced by their application. In this paper, we propose a novel random forests algorithm based on cooperative game theory.  Banzhaf power index is employed to evaluate the power of each feature by traversing possible feature coalitions. Unlike the previously used information gain rate of information theory, which simply chooses the most informative feature, the Banzhaf power index can be considered as a metric of the importance of each feature on the dependency among a group of features.	Banzhaf Random Forests  Random forests are a type of ensemble method which makes predictions by combining the results of several independent trees. However, the theory of random forests has long been outpaced by their application. In this paper, we propose a novel random forests algorithm based on cooperative game theory.  Banzhaf power index is employed to evaluate the power of each feature by traversing possible feature coalitions. Unlike the previously used information gain rate of information theory, which simply chooses the most informative feature, the Banzhaf power index can be considered as a metric of the importance of each feature on the dependency among a group of features.	366
How does randomization in a random forest work?	 We investigate combining methods and show that using random forests is a promising approach. We find that in isolation, unsupervised methods rival the performance of supervised methods. Random forests typically require training data so we investigate how we can apply random forests to combine individual base methods that are themselves unsupervised without requiring large amounts of training data. Experiments reveal empirically that a relatively small amount of data is sufficient and can potentially be further reduced through specific selection criteria.	 We investigate combining methods and show that using random forests is a promising approach. We find that in isolation, unsupervised methods rival the performance of supervised methods. Random forests typically require training data so we investigate how we can apply random forests to combine individual base methods that are themselves unsupervised without requiring large amounts of training data. Experiments reveal empirically that a relatively small amount of data is sufficient and can potentially be further reduced through specific selection criteria.	410
How does randomization in a random forest work?	Mondrian Forests: Efficient Online Random Forests  Ensembles of randomized decision trees, usually referred to as random forests, are widely used for classification and regression tasks in machine learning and statistics. Random forests achieve competitive predictive performance and are computationally efficient to train and test, making them excellent candidates for real-world prediction tasks.  The most popular random forest variants (such as Breiman's random forest and extremely randomized trees) operate on batches of training data. Online methods are now in greater demand. Existing online random forests, however, require more training data than their batch counterpart to achieve comparable predictive performance.	Mondrian Forests: Efficient Online Random Forests  Ensembles of randomized decision trees, usually referred to as random forests, are widely used for classification and regression tasks in machine learning and statistics. Random forests achieve competitive predictive performance and are computationally efficient to train and test, making them excellent candidates for real-world prediction tasks.  The most popular random forest variants (such as Breiman's random forest and extremely randomized trees) operate on batches of training data. Online methods are now in greater demand. Existing online random forests, however, require more training data than their batch counterpart to achieve comparable predictive performance.	411
How does randomization in a random forest work?	Random Forest for Label Ranking  Label ranking aims to learn a mapping from instances to rankings over a finite number of predefined labels. Random forest is a powerful and one of the most successful general-purpose machine learning algorithms of modern times. In this paper, we present a powerful random forest label ranking method which uses random decision trees to retrieve nearest neighbors.	Random Forest for Label Ranking  Label ranking aims to learn a mapping from instances to rankings over a finite number of predefined labels. Random forest is a powerful and one of the most successful general-purpose machine learning algorithms of modern times. In this paper, we present a powerful random forest label ranking method which uses random decision trees to retrieve nearest neighbors.	385
How does randomization in a random forest work?	A Debiased MDI Feature Importance Measure for Random Forests  Tree ensembles such as Random Forests have achieved impressive empirical success across a wide variety of applications. To understand how these models make predictions, people routinely turn to feature importance measures calculated from tree ensembles.  It has long been known that Mean Decrease Impurity (MDI), one of the most widely used measures of feature importance, incorrectly assigns high importance to noisy features, leading to systematic bias in feature selection. In this paper, we address the feature selection bias of MDI from both theoretical and methodological perspectives.	A Debiased MDI Feature Importance Measure for Random Forests  Tree ensembles such as Random Forests have achieved impressive empirical success across a wide variety of applications. To understand how these models make predictions, people routinely turn to feature importance measures calculated from tree ensembles.  It has long been known that Mean Decrease Impurity (MDI), one of the most widely used measures of feature importance, incorrectly assigns high importance to noisy features, leading to systematic bias in feature selection. In this paper, we address the feature selection bias of MDI from both theoretical and methodological perspectives.	384
Which algorithm is better for non linear classification?	 However, no theoretical link is established between the learned metrics and their performance in classification. In this paper, we make use of the formal framework of good similarities introduced by Balcan et al. to design an algorithm for learning a non PSD linear similarity optimized in a nonlinear feature space, which is then used to build a global linear classifier.  We show that our approach has uniform stability and derive a generalization bound on the classification error. Experiments performed on various datasets confirm the effectiveness of our approach compared to state-of-the-art methods and provide evidence that (i) it is fast, (ii) robust to overfitting and (iii) produces very sparse classifiers.	 However, no theoretical link is established between the learned metrics and their performance in classification. In this paper, we make use of the formal framework of good similarities introduced by Balcan et al. to design an algorithm for learning a non PSD linear similarity optimized in a nonlinear feature space, which is then used to build a global linear classifier.  We show that our approach has uniform stability and derive a generalization bound on the classification error. Experiments performed on various datasets confirm the effectiveness of our approach compared to state-of-the-art methods and provide evidence that (i) it is fast, (ii) robust to overfitting and (iii) produces very sparse classifiers.	324
Which algorithm is better for non linear classification?	 We formulate this into a nonconvex stochastic factorization problem and propose an efficient and scalable stochastic generalized Hebbian algorithm. The algorithm is able to process dependent state-transition data dynamically generated by the underlying network and learn a low-dimensional representation for each vertex.  By applying a diffusion approximation analysis, we show that the continuous-time limiting process of the stochastic algorithm converges globally to the "principal components" of the Markov chain and achieves a nearly optimal sample complexity. Once given the learned low-dimensional representations, we further apply clustering techniques to recover the network partition.	 We formulate this into a nonconvex stochastic factorization problem and propose an efficient and scalable stochastic generalized Hebbian algorithm. The algorithm is able to process dependent state-transition data dynamically generated by the underlying network and learn a low-dimensional representation for each vertex.  By applying a diffusion approximation analysis, we show that the continuous-time limiting process of the stochastic algorithm converges globally to the "principal components" of the Markov chain and achieves a nearly optimal sample complexity. Once given the learned low-dimensional representations, we further apply clustering techniques to recover the network partition.	335
Which algorithm is better for non linear classification?	An Evaluation of Classification and Outlier Detection Algorithms  This paper evaluates algorithms for classification and outlier detection accuracies in temporal data. We focus on algorithms that train and classify rapidly and can be used for systems that need to incorporate new data regularly. Hence, we compare the accuracy of six fast algorithms using a range of well-known time-series datasets.  The analyses demonstrate that the choice of algorithm is task and data specific but that we can derive heuristics for choosing. Gradient Boosting Machines are generally best for classification but there is no single winner for outlier detection though Gradient Boosting Machines (again) and Random Forest are better. Hence, we recommend running evaluations of a number of algorithms using our heuristics.	An Evaluation of Classification and Outlier Detection Algorithms  This paper evaluates algorithms for classification and outlier detection accuracies in temporal data. We focus on algorithms that train and classify rapidly and can be used for systems that need to incorporate new data regularly. Hence, we compare the accuracy of six fast algorithms using a range of well-known time-series datasets.  The analyses demonstrate that the choice of algorithm is task and data specific but that we can derive heuristics for choosing. Gradient Boosting Machines are generally best for classification but there is no single winner for outlier detection though Gradient Boosting Machines (again) and Random Forest are better. Hence, we recommend running evaluations of a number of algorithms using our heuristics.	337
Which algorithm is better for non linear classification?	Nonlinear Regression without i.i.d. Assumption  In this paper, we consider a class of nonlinear regression problems without the assumption of being independent and identically distributed. We propose a correspondent mini-max problem for nonlinear regression and give a numerical algorithm. Such an algorithm can be applied in regression and machine learning problems, and yield better results than traditional least square and machine learning methods.	Nonlinear Regression without i.i.d. Assumption  In this paper, we consider a class of nonlinear regression problems without the assumption of being independent and identically distributed. We propose a correspondent mini-max problem for nonlinear regression and give a numerical algorithm. Such an algorithm can be applied in regression and machine learning problems, and yield better results than traditional least square and machine learning methods.	306
Which algorithm is better for non linear classification?	A Non-Intrusive Correction Algorithm for Classification Problems with   Corrupted Data  A novel correction algorithm is proposed for multi-class classification problems with corrupted training data. The algorithm is non-intrusive, in the sense that it post-processes a trained classification model by adding a correction procedure to the model prediction.  The correction procedure can be coupled with any approximators, such as logistic regression, neural networks of various architectures, etc. When training dataset is sufficiently large, we prove that the corrected models deliver correct classification results as if there is no corruption in the training data. For datasets of finite size, the corrected models produce significantly better recovery results, compared to the models without the correction algorithm. All of the theoretical findings in the paper are verified by our numerical examples.	A Non-Intrusive Correction Algorithm for Classification Problems with   Corrupted Data  A novel correction algorithm is proposed for multi-class classification problems with corrupted training data. The algorithm is non-intrusive, in the sense that it post-processes a trained classification model by adding a correction procedure to the model prediction.  The correction procedure can be coupled with any approximators, such as logistic regression, neural networks of various architectures, etc. When training dataset is sufficiently large, we prove that the corrected models deliver correct classification results as if there is no corruption in the training data. For datasets of finite size, the corrected models produce significantly better recovery results, compared to the models without the correction algorithm. All of the theoretical findings in the paper are verified by our numerical examples.	311
What is the difference between Linear SVMs and Logistic Regression?	 These insights provide perhaps unexpected relationships between SVM and two other linear classifiers: the mean difference and the maximal data piling direction. For example, we show that in many cases SVM can be viewed as a cropped version of these classifiers. By carefully exploring these connections we show how SVM tuning behavior is affected by characteristics including: balanced vs.  unbalanced classes, low vs. high dimension, separable vs. non-separable data. These results provide further insights into tuning SVM via cross-validation by explaining observed pathological behavior and motivating improved cross-validation methodology. Finally, we also provide new results on the geometry of complete data piling directions in high dimensional space.	 These insights provide perhaps unexpected relationships between SVM and two other linear classifiers: the mean difference and the maximal data piling direction. For example, we show that in many cases SVM can be viewed as a cropped version of these classifiers. By carefully exploring these connections we show how SVM tuning behavior is affected by characteristics including: balanced vs.  unbalanced classes, low vs. high dimension, separable vs. non-separable data. These results provide further insights into tuning SVM via cross-validation by explaining observed pathological behavior and motivating improved cross-validation methodology. Finally, we also provide new results on the geometry of complete data piling directions in high dimensional space.	341
What is the difference between Linear SVMs and Logistic Regression?	Practical Selection of SVM Supervised Parameters with Different Feature   Representations for Vowel Recognition  It is known that the classification performance of Support Vector Machine (SVM) can be conveniently affected by the different parameters of the kernel tricks and the regularization parameter, C.  Thus, in this article, we propose a study in order to find the suitable kernel with which SVM may achieve good generalization performance as well as the parameters to use. We need to analyze the behavior of the SVM classifier when these parameters take very small or very large values. The study is conducted for a multi-class vowel recognition using the TIMIT corpus. Furthermore, for the experiments, we used different feature representations such as MFCC and PLP. Finally, a comparative study was done to point out the impact of the choice of the parameters, kernel trick and feature representations on the performance of the SVM classifier	Practical Selection of SVM Supervised Parameters with Different Feature   Representations for Vowel Recognition  It is known that the classification performance of Support Vector Machine (SVM) can be conveniently affected by the different parameters of the kernel tricks and the regularization parameter, C.  Thus, in this article, we propose a study in order to find the suitable kernel with which SVM may achieve good generalization performance as well as the parameters to use. We need to analyze the behavior of the SVM classifier when these parameters take very small or very large values. The study is conducted for a multi-class vowel recognition using the TIMIT corpus. Furthermore, for the experiments, we used different feature representations such as MFCC and PLP. Finally, a comparative study was done to point out the impact of the choice of the parameters, kernel trick and feature representations on the performance of the SVM classifier	327
What is the difference between Linear SVMs and Logistic Regression?	 Our approach relies on conducting the SVM optimization over a carefully selected subset, called the representative set, of the training dataset. We present analytical results that indicate the similarity of AESVM and SVM solutions. A linear time algorithm based on convex hulls and extreme points is used to compute the representative set in kernel space.	 Our approach relies on conducting the SVM optimization over a carefully selected subset, called the representative set, of the training dataset. We present analytical results that indicate the similarity of AESVM and SVM solutions. A linear time algorithm based on convex hulls and extreme points is used to compute the representative set in kernel space.	338
What is the difference between Linear SVMs and Logistic Regression?	 Despite a vast literature on SVM, much less is known about the inferential properties of SVM, especially in a distributed setting. In this paper, we propose a multi-round distributed linear-type (MDL) estimator for conducting inference for linear SVM. The proposed estimator is computationally efficient.  In particular, it only requires an initial SVM estimator and then successively refines the estimator by solving simple weighted least squares problem. Theoretically, we establish the Bahadur representation of the estimator. Based on the representation, the asymptotic normality is further derived, which shows that the MDL estimator achieves the optimal statistical efficiency, i.	 Despite a vast literature on SVM, much less is known about the inferential properties of SVM, especially in a distributed setting. In this paper, we propose a multi-round distributed linear-type (MDL) estimator for conducting inference for linear SVM. The proposed estimator is computationally efficient.  In particular, it only requires an initial SVM estimator and then successively refines the estimator by solving simple weighted least squares problem. Theoretically, we establish the Bahadur representation of the estimator. Based on the representation, the asymptotic normality is further derived, which shows that the MDL estimator achieves the optimal statistical efficiency, i.	333
What is the difference between Linear SVMs and Logistic Regression?	A novel multiclassSVM based framework to classify lithology from well   logs: a real-world application  Support vector machines (SVMs) have been recognized as a potential tool for supervised classification analyses in different domains of research. In essence, SVM is a binary classifier. Therefore, in case of a multiclass problem, the problem is divided into a series of binary problems which are solved by binary classifiers, and finally the classification results are combined following either the one-against-one or one-against-all strategies.  In this paper, an attempt has been made to classify lithology using a multiclass SVM based framework using well logs as predictor variables. Here, the lithology is classified into four classes such as sand, shaly sand, sandy shale and shale based on the relative values of sand and shale fractions as suggested by an expert geologist.	A novel multiclassSVM based framework to classify lithology from well   logs: a real-world application  Support vector machines (SVMs) have been recognized as a potential tool for supervised classification analyses in different domains of research. In essence, SVM is a binary classifier. Therefore, in case of a multiclass problem, the problem is divided into a series of binary problems which are solved by binary classifiers, and finally the classification results are combined following either the one-against-one or one-against-all strategies.  In this paper, an attempt has been made to classify lithology using a multiclass SVM based framework using well logs as predictor variables. Here, the lithology is classified into four classes such as sand, shaly sand, sandy shale and shale based on the relative values of sand and shale fractions as suggested by an expert geologist.	337
How can l apply an SVM for categorical data?	A Multi-Plane Block-Coordinate Frank-Wolfe Algorithm for Training   Structural SVMs with a Costly max-Oracle  Structural support vector machines (SSVMs) are amongst the best performing models for structured computer vision tasks, such as semantic image segmentation or human pose estimation. Training SSVMs, however, is computationally costly, because it requires repeated calls to a structured prediction subroutine (called \emph{max-oracle}), which has to solve an optimization problem itself, e.	A Multi-Plane Block-Coordinate Frank-Wolfe Algorithm for Training   Structural SVMs with a Costly max-Oracle  Structural support vector machines (SSVMs) are amongst the best performing models for structured computer vision tasks, such as semantic image segmentation or human pose estimation. Training SSVMs, however, is computationally costly, because it requires repeated calls to a structured prediction subroutine (called \emph{max-oracle}), which has to solve an optimization problem itself, e.	417
How can l apply an SVM for categorical data?	CloudSVM : Training an SVM Classifier in Cloud Computing Systems  In conventional method, distributed support vector machines (SVM) algorithms are trained over pre-configured intranet/internet environments to find out an optimal classifier. These methods are very complicated and costly for large datasets.  Hence, we propose a method that is referred as the Cloud SVM training mechanism (CloudSVM) in a cloud computing environment with MapReduce technique for distributed machine learning applications. Accordingly, (i) SVM algorithm is trained in distributed cloud storage servers that work concurrently; (ii) merge all support vectors in every trained cloud node; and (iii) iterate these two steps until the SVM converges to the optimal classifier function.	CloudSVM : Training an SVM Classifier in Cloud Computing Systems  In conventional method, distributed support vector machines (SVM) algorithms are trained over pre-configured intranet/internet environments to find out an optimal classifier. These methods are very complicated and costly for large datasets.  Hence, we propose a method that is referred as the Cloud SVM training mechanism (CloudSVM) in a cloud computing environment with MapReduce technique for distributed machine learning applications. Accordingly, (i) SVM algorithm is trained in distributed cloud storage servers that work concurrently; (ii) merge all support vectors in every trained cloud node; and (iii) iterate these two steps until the SVM converges to the optimal classifier function.	429
How can l apply an SVM for categorical data?	Rule Extraction in Unsupervised Anomaly Detection for Model   Explainability: Application to OneClass SVM  OneClass SVM is a popular method for unsupervised anomaly detection. As many other methods, it suffers from the black box problem: it is difficult to justify, in an intuitive and simple manner, why the decision frontier is identifying data points as anomalous or non anomalous.	Rule Extraction in Unsupervised Anomaly Detection for Model   Explainability: Application to OneClass SVM  OneClass SVM is a popular method for unsupervised anomaly detection. As many other methods, it suffers from the black box problem: it is difficult to justify, in an intuitive and simple manner, why the decision frontier is identifying data points as anomalous or non anomalous.	395
How can l apply an SVM for categorical data?	A Support Tensor Train Machine  There has been growing interest in extending traditional vector-based machine learning techniques to their tensor forms. An example is the support tensor machine (STM) that utilizes a rank-one tensor to capture the data structure, thereby alleviating the overfitting and curse of dimensionality problems in the conventional support vector machine (SVM).  However, the expressive power of a rank-one tensor is restrictive for many real-world data. To overcome this limitation, we introduce a support tensor train machine (STTM) by replacing the rank-one tensor in an STM with a tensor train. Experiments validate and confirm the superiority of an STTM over the SVM and STM.	 However, the expressive power of a rank-one tensor is restrictive for many real-world data. To overcome this limitation, we introduce a support tensor train machine (STTM) by replacing the rank-one tensor in an STM with a tensor train. Experiments validate and confirm the superiority of an STTM over the SVM and STM.	408
How can l apply an SVM for categorical data?	Regularization approaches for support vector machines with applications   to biomedical data  The support vector machine (SVM) is a widely used machine learning tool for classification based on statistical learning theory. Given a set of training data, the SVM finds a hyperplane that separates two different classes of data points by the largest distance.  While the standard form of SVM uses L2-norm regularization, other regularization approaches are particularly attractive for biomedical datasets where, for example, sparsity and interpretability of the classifier's coefficient values are highly desired features. Therefore, in this paper we consider different types of regularization approaches for SVMs, and explore them in both synthetic and real biomedical datasets.	 While the standard form of SVM uses L2-norm regularization, other regularization approaches are particularly attractive for biomedical datasets where, for example, sparsity and interpretability of the classifier's coefficient values are highly desired features. Therefore, in this paper we consider different types of regularization approaches for SVMs, and explore them in both synthetic and real biomedical datasets.	432
How do I select SVM kernels?	Improving Efficiency of SVM k-fold Cross-validation by Alpha Seeding  The k-fold cross-validation is commonly used to evaluate the effectiveness of SVMs with the selected hyper-parameters. It is known that the SVM k-fold cross-validation is expensive, since it requires training k SVMs. However, little work has explored reusing the h-th SVM for training the (h+1)-th SVM for improving the efficiency of k-fold cross-validation.  In this paper, we propose three algorithms that reuse the h-th SVM for improving the efficiency of training the (h+1)-th SVM. Our key idea is to efficiently identify the support vectors and to accurately estimate their associated weights (also called alpha values) of the next SVM by using the previous SVM.	Improving Efficiency of SVM k-fold Cross-validation by Alpha Seeding  The k-fold cross-validation is commonly used to evaluate the effectiveness of SVMs with the selected hyper-parameters. It is known that the SVM k-fold cross-validation is expensive, since it requires training k SVMs. However, little work has explored reusing the h-th SVM for training the (h+1)-th SVM for improving the efficiency of k-fold cross-validation.  In this paper, we propose three algorithms that reuse the h-th SVM for improving the efficiency of training the (h+1)-th SVM. Our key idea is to efficiently identify the support vectors and to accurately estimate their associated weights (also called alpha values) of the next SVM by using the previous SVM.	424
How do I select SVM kernels?	TrIK-SVM : an alternative decomposition for kernel methods in Krein   spaces  The proposed work aims at proposing a alternative kernel decomposition in the context of kernel machines with indefinite kernels. The original paper of KSVM (SVM in Kre\v{i}n spaces) uses the eigen-decomposition, our proposition avoids this decompostion. We explain how it can help in designing an algorithm that won't require to compute the full kernel matrix. Finally we illustrate the good behavior of the proposed method compared to KSVM.	TrIK-SVM : an alternative decomposition for kernel methods in Krein   spaces  The proposed work aims at proposing a alternative kernel decomposition in the context of kernel machines with indefinite kernels. The original paper of KSVM (SVM in Kre\v{i}n spaces) uses the eigen-decomposition, our proposition avoids this decompostion. We explain how it can help in designing an algorithm that won't require to compute the full kernel matrix. Finally we illustrate the good behavior of the proposed method compared to KSVM.	395
How do I select SVM kernels?	Practical Selection of SVM Supervised Parameters with Different Feature   Representations for Vowel Recognition  It is known that the classification performance of Support Vector Machine (SVM) can be conveniently affected by the different parameters of the kernel tricks and the regularization parameter, C.  Thus, in this article, we propose a study in order to find the suitable kernel with which SVM may achieve good generalization performance as well as the parameters to use. We need to analyze the behavior of the SVM classifier when these parameters take very small or very large values. The study is conducted for a multi-class vowel recognition using the TIMIT corpus. Furthermore, for the experiments, we used different feature representations such as MFCC and PLP. Finally, a comparative study was done to point out the impact of the choice of the parameters, kernel trick and feature representations on the performance of the SVM classifier	Practical Selection of SVM Supervised Parameters with Different Feature   Representations for Vowel Recognition  It is known that the classification performance of Support Vector Machine (SVM) can be conveniently affected by the different parameters of the kernel tricks and the regularization parameter, C.  Thus, in this article, we propose a study in order to find the suitable kernel with which SVM may achieve good generalization performance as well as the parameters to use. We need to analyze the behavior of the SVM classifier when these parameters take very small or very large values. The study is conducted for a multi-class vowel recognition using the TIMIT corpus. Furthermore, for the experiments, we used different feature representations such as MFCC and PLP. Finally, a comparative study was done to point out the impact of the choice of the parameters, kernel trick and feature representations on the performance of the SVM classifier	411
How do I select SVM kernels?	 We call this method the Isometric Separation Map and we show that the resulting kernel matrix can be used as a binary/multiclass Support Vector Machine-like method in a semi-supervised (transductive) framework. We also show that the method always finds a kernel matrix that linearly separates the training data exactly without projecting them in infinite dimensional spaces.  In traditional SVMs we choose a kernel and hope that the data become linearly separable in the kernel space. In this paper we show how the hyperplane can be chosen ad-hoc and the kernel is trained so that data are always linearly separable. Comparisons with Large Margin SVMs show comparable performance.	 In traditional SVMs we choose a kernel and hope that the data become linearly separable in the kernel space. In this paper we show how the hyperplane can be chosen ad-hoc and the kernel is trained so that data are always linearly separable. Comparisons with Large Margin SVMs show comparable performance.	425
How do I select SVM kernels?	Adaptive Kernel Value Caching for SVM Training  Support Vector Machines (SVMs) can solve structured multi-output learning problems such as multi-label classification, multiclass classification and vector regression. SVM training is expensive especially for large and high dimensional datasets. The bottleneck of the SVM training often lies in the kernel value computation.  In many real-world problems, the same kernel values are used in many iterations during the training, which makes the caching of kernel values potentially useful. The majority of the existing studies simply adopt the LRU (least recently used) replacement strategy for caching kernel values. However, as we analyze in this paper, the LRU strategy generally achieves high hit ratio near the final stage of the training, but does not work well in the whole training process.	Adaptive Kernel Value Caching for SVM Training  Support Vector Machines (SVMs) can solve structured multi-output learning problems such as multi-label classification, multiclass classification and vector regression. SVM training is expensive especially for large and high dimensional datasets. The bottleneck of the SVM training often lies in the kernel value computation.  In many real-world problems, the same kernel values are used in many iterations during the training, which makes the caching of kernel values potentially useful. The majority of the existing studies simply adopt the LRU (least recently used) replacement strategy for caching kernel values. However, as we analyze in this paper, the LRU strategy generally achieves high hit ratio near the final stage of the training, but does not work well in the whole training process.	421
How is root mean square error (RMSE) and classification related?	 The classification results have been further fine-tuned applying expert knowledge based on the relationship among predictor variables i.e. well logs and target variable - oil saturation. Second, an ANFIS is designed to predict non-zero (Class 1) oil saturation values from predictor logs. The predicted output has been further refined based on expert knowledge.  It is apparent from the experimental results that the expert intervention with qualitative judgment at each stage has rendered the prediction into the feasible and realistic ranges. The performance analysis of the prediction in terms of four performance metrics such as correlation coefficient (CC), root mean square error (RMSE), and absolute error mean (AEM), scatter index (SI) has established DKFIS as a useful tool for reservoir characterization.	 It is apparent from the experimental results that the expert intervention with qualitative judgment at each stage has rendered the prediction into the feasible and realistic ranges. The performance analysis of the prediction in terms of four performance metrics such as correlation coefficient (CC), root mean square error (RMSE), and absolute error mean (AEM), scatter index (SI) has established DKFIS as a useful tool for reservoir characterization.	363
How is root mean square error (RMSE) and classification related?	A Deep Learning Framework for Classification of in vitro Multi-Electrode   Array Recordings  Multi-Electrode Arrays (MEAs) have been widely used to record neuronal activities, which could be used in the diagnosis of gene defects and drug effects. In this paper, we address the problem of classifying in vitro MEA recordings of mouse and human neuronal cultures from different genotypes, where there is no easy way to directly utilize raw sequences as inputs to train an end-to-end classification model.  While carefully extracting some features by hand could partially solve the problem, this approach suffers from obvious drawbacks such as difficulty of generalizing. We propose a deep learning framework to address this challenge. Our approach correctly classifies neuronal culture data prepared from two different genotypes -- a mouse Knockout of the delta-catenin gene and human induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-derived neurons from Williams syndrome.	A Deep Learning Framework for Classification of in vitro Multi-Electrode   Array Recordings  Multi-Electrode Arrays (MEAs) have been widely used to record neuronal activities, which could be used in the diagnosis of gene defects and drug effects. In this paper, we address the problem of classifying in vitro MEA recordings of mouse and human neuronal cultures from different genotypes, where there is no easy way to directly utilize raw sequences as inputs to train an end-to-end classification model.  While carefully extracting some features by hand could partially solve the problem, this approach suffers from obvious drawbacks such as difficulty of generalizing. We propose a deep learning framework to address this challenge. Our approach correctly classifies neuronal culture data prepared from two different genotypes -- a mouse Knockout of the delta-catenin gene and human induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-derived neurons from Williams syndrome.	370
How is root mean square error (RMSE) and classification related?	Efficient Estimation of Generalization Error and Bias-Variance   Components of Ensembles  For many applications, an ensemble of base classifiers is an effective solution. The tuning of its parameters(number of classes, amount of data on which each classifier is to be trained on, etc.) requires G, the generalization error of a given ensemble.  The efficient estimation of G is the focus of this paper. The key idea is to approximate the variance of the class scores/probabilities of the base classifiers over the randomness imposed by the training subset by normal/beta distribution at each point x in the input feature space. We estimate the parameters of the distribution using a small set of randomly chosen base classifiers and use those parameters to give efficient estimation schemes for G.	Efficient Estimation of Generalization Error and Bias-Variance   Components of Ensembles  For many applications, an ensemble of base classifiers is an effective solution. The tuning of its parameters(number of classes, amount of data on which each classifier is to be trained on, etc.) requires G, the generalization error of a given ensemble.  The efficient estimation of G is the focus of this paper. The key idea is to approximate the variance of the class scores/probabilities of the base classifiers over the randomness imposed by the training subset by normal/beta distribution at each point x in the input feature space. We estimate the parameters of the distribution using a small set of randomly chosen base classifiers and use those parameters to give efficient estimation schemes for G.	369
How is root mean square error (RMSE) and classification related?	 To address this issue, a variety of methods that rely on random parameter initialization or knowledge distillation have been proposed in the past. In this paper, we propose FuseInit, a novel method to initialize shallower networks by fusing neighboring layers of deeper networks that are trained with random initialization.  We develop theoretical results and efficient algorithms for mean-square error (MSE)-optimal fusion of neighboring dense-dense, convolutional-dense, and convolutional-convolutional layers. We show experiments for a range of classification and regression datasets, which suggest that deeper neural networks are less sensitive to initialization and shallower networks can perform better (sometimes as well as their deeper counterparts) if initialized with FuseInit.	 We develop theoretical results and efficient algorithms for mean-square error (MSE)-optimal fusion of neighboring dense-dense, convolutional-dense, and convolutional-convolutional layers. We show experiments for a range of classification and regression datasets, which suggest that deeper neural networks are less sensitive to initialization and shallower networks can perform better (sometimes as well as their deeper counterparts) if initialized with FuseInit.	370
How is root mean square error (RMSE) and classification related?	Sand fraction, which represents per unit sand volume within the rock, has a balanced distribution between zero to unity.The thesis addresses the issues of handling the information content mismatch between predictor and target variables and proposes regularization of target property prior to building a prediction model. In this thesis, two Artificial Neural Network (ANN) based frameworks are proposed to model sand fraction from multiple seismic attributes without and with well tops information respectively. The performances of the frameworks are quantified in terms of Correlation Coefficient, Root Mean Square Error, Absolute Error Mean, etc.	In this thesis, two Artificial Neural Network (ANN) based frameworks are proposed to model sand fraction from multiple seismic attributes without and with well tops information respectively. The performances of the frameworks are quantified in terms of Correlation Coefficient, Root Mean Square Error, Absolute Error Mean, etc.	355
Why is naive Bayes naive?	Naive Bayes and Text Classification I - Introduction and Theory  Naive Bayes classifiers, a family of classifiers that are based on the popular Bayes' probability theorem, are known for creating simple yet well performing models, especially in the fields of document classification and disease prediction. In this article, we will look at the main concepts of naive Bayes classification in the context of document categorization.	Naive Bayes and Text Classification I - Introduction and Theory  Naive Bayes classifiers, a family of classifiers that are based on the popular Bayes' probability theorem, are known for creating simple yet well performing models, especially in the fields of document classification and disease prediction. In this article, we will look at the main concepts of naive Bayes classification in the context of document categorization.	496
Why is naive Bayes naive?	Naive Feature Selection: Sparsity in Naive Bayes  Due to its linear complexity, naive Bayes classification remains an attractive supervised learning method, especially in very large-scale settings. We propose a sparse version of naive Bayes, which can be used for feature selection. This leads to a combinatorial maximum-likelihood problem, for which we provide an exact solution in the case of binary data, or a bound in the multinomial case.	Naive Feature Selection: Sparsity in Naive Bayes  Due to its linear complexity, naive Bayes classification remains an attractive supervised learning method, especially in very large-scale settings. We propose a sparse version of naive Bayes, which can be used for feature selection. This leads to a combinatorial maximum-likelihood problem, for which we provide an exact solution in the case of binary data, or a bound in the multinomial case.	487
Why is naive Bayes naive?	Reasoning about Bayesian Network Classifiers  Bayesian network classifiers are used in many fields, and one common class of classifiers are naive Bayes classifiers. In this paper, we introduce an approach for reasoning about Bayesian network classifiers in which we explicitly convert them into Ordered Decision Diagrams (ODDs), which are then used to reason about the properties of these classifiers.	Reasoning about Bayesian Network Classifiers  Bayesian network classifiers are used in many fields, and one common class of classifiers are naive Bayes classifiers. In this paper, we introduce an approach for reasoning about Bayesian network classifiers in which we explicitly convert them into Ordered Decision Diagrams (ODDs), which are then used to reason about the properties of these classifiers.	504
Why is naive Bayes naive?	 This Classification is named after Thomas Bayes (1702-1761), who proposed the Bayes Theorem. Bayesian classification provides practical learning algorithms and prior knowledge and observed data can be combined. Bayesian Classification provides a useful perspective for understanding and evaluating many learning algorithms. It calculates explicit probabilities for hypothesis and it is robust to noise in input data. In statistical classification the Bayes classifier minimises the probability of misclassification. That was a visual intuition for a simple case of the Bayes classifier, also called: 1)Idiot Bayes 2)Naive Bayes 3)Simple Bayes	 This Classification is named after Thomas Bayes (1702-1761), who proposed the Bayes Theorem. Bayesian classification provides practical learning algorithms and prior knowledge and observed data can be combined. Bayesian Classification provides a useful perspective for understanding and evaluating many learning algorithms. It calculates explicit probabilities for hypothesis and it is robust to noise in input data. In statistical classification the Bayes classifier minimises the probability of misclassification. That was a visual intuition for a simple case of the Bayes classifier, also called: 1)Idiot Bayes 2)Naive Bayes 3)Simple Bayes	510
Why is naive Bayes naive?	Locally Weighted Naive Bayes  Despite its simplicity, the naive Bayes classifier has surprised machine learning researchers by exhibiting good performance on a variety of learning problems. Encouraged by these results, researchers have looked to overcome naive Bayes primary weakness - attribute independence - and improve the performance of the algorithm.  This paper presents a locally weighted version of naive Bayes that relaxes the independence assumption by learning local models at prediction time. Experimental results show that locally weighted naive Bayes rarely degrades accuracy compared to standard naive Bayes and, in many cases, improves accuracy dramatically. The main advantage of this method compared to other techniques for enhancing naive Bayes is its conceptual and computational simplicity.	Locally Weighted Naive Bayes  Despite its simplicity, the naive Bayes classifier has surprised machine learning researchers by exhibiting good performance on a variety of learning problems. Encouraged by these results, researchers have looked to overcome naive Bayes primary weakness - attribute independence - and improve the performance of the algorithm.  This paper presents a locally weighted version of naive Bayes that relaxes the independence assumption by learning local models at prediction time. Experimental results show that locally weighted naive Bayes rarely degrades accuracy compared to standard naive Bayes and, in many cases, improves accuracy dramatically. The main advantage of this method compared to other techniques for enhancing naive Bayes is its conceptual and computational simplicity.	486
How would linear regression be described and explained in laymans terms?	 In the literature, explainers from different perspectives are currently being directly compared, despite their distinct explanation goals. The second issue is that current post-hoc explainers are either validated under simplistic scenarios (on simple models such as linear regression, or on models trained on syntactic datasets), or, when applied to real-world neural networks, explainers are commonly validated under the assumption that the learned models behave reasonably.	 In the literature, explainers from different perspectives are currently being directly compared, despite their distinct explanation goals. The second issue is that current post-hoc explainers are either validated under simplistic scenarios (on simple models such as linear regression, or on models trained on syntactic datasets), or, when applied to real-world neural networks, explainers are commonly validated under the assumption that the learned models behave reasonably.	292
How would linear regression be described and explained in laymans terms?	Dynamic Regret of Strongly Adaptive Methods  To cope with changing environments, recent developments in online learning have introduced the concepts of adaptive regret and dynamic regret independently. In this paper, we illustrate an intrinsic connection between these two concepts by showing that the dynamic regret can be expressed in terms of the adaptive regret and the functional variation.  This observation implies that strongly adaptive algorithms can be directly leveraged to minimize the dynamic regret. As a result, we present a series of strongly adaptive algorithms that have small dynamic regrets for convex functions, exponentially concave functions, and strongly convex functions, respectively.	Dynamic Regret of Strongly Adaptive Methods  To cope with changing environments, recent developments in online learning have introduced the concepts of adaptive regret and dynamic regret independently. In this paper, we illustrate an intrinsic connection between these two concepts by showing that the dynamic regret can be expressed in terms of the adaptive regret and the functional variation.  This observation implies that strongly adaptive algorithms can be directly leveraged to minimize the dynamic regret. As a result, we present a series of strongly adaptive algorithms that have small dynamic regrets for convex functions, exponentially concave functions, and strongly convex functions, respectively.	285
How would linear regression be described and explained in laymans terms?	 The paper derives generalization error bounds in these two settings by following the approach based on Rademacher complexities. For PWS regression, our derivation involves a chaining argument and a decomposition of the covering numbers of PWS classes in terms of the ones of their component functions and the capacity of the classifier partitioning the input space.  This yields error bounds with a radical dependency on the number of modes. For switching regression, the decomposition can be performed directly at the level of the Rademacher complexities, which yields bounds with a linear dependency on the number of modes. By using once more chaining and a decomposition at the level of covering numbers, we show how to recover a radical dependency. Examples of applications are given in particular for PWS and swichting regression with linear and kernel-based component functions.	 This yields error bounds with a radical dependency on the number of modes. For switching regression, the decomposition can be performed directly at the level of the Rademacher complexities, which yields bounds with a linear dependency on the number of modes. By using once more chaining and a decomposition at the level of covering numbers, we show how to recover a radical dependency. Examples of applications are given in particular for PWS and swichting regression with linear and kernel-based component functions.	298
How would linear regression be described and explained in laymans terms?	 The algorithm for constructing RERFs and selecting its tuning parameters is described. Both simulation study and real data examples show that RERFs have better predictive performance than RFs in important situations often encountered in practice. Moreover, RERFs may incorporate known relationships between the response and the predictors, and may give reliable predictions in extrapolation problems where predictions are required at points out of the domain of the training dataset. Strategies analogous to those described here can be used to improve other machine learning methods via combination with penalized parametric regression techniques.	 The algorithm for constructing RERFs and selecting its tuning parameters is described. Both simulation study and real data examples show that RERFs have better predictive performance than RFs in important situations often encountered in practice. Moreover, RERFs may incorporate known relationships between the response and the predictors, and may give reliable predictions in extrapolation problems where predictions are required at points out of the domain of the training dataset. Strategies analogous to those described here can be used to improve other machine learning methods via combination with penalized parametric regression techniques.	298
How would linear regression be described and explained in laymans terms?	 Whereas the FID uses one of the hidden layers of InceptionNet, the FCD utilizes the penultimate layer of a deep neural network called ChemNet, which was trained to predict drug activities. Thus, the FCD metric takes into account chemically and biologically relevant information about molecules, and also measures the diversity of the set via the distribution of generated molecules.  The FCD's advantage over previous metrics is that it can detect if generated molecules are a) diverse and have similar b) chemical and c) biological properties as real molecules. We further provide an easy-to-use implementation that only requires the SMILES representation of the generated molecules as input to calculate the FCD. Implementations are available at: https://www.github.com/bioinf-jku/FCD	 The FCD's advantage over previous metrics is that it can detect if generated molecules are a) diverse and have similar b) chemical and c) biological properties as real molecules. We further provide an easy-to-use implementation that only requires the SMILES representation of the generated molecules as input to calculate the FCD. Implementations are available at: https://www.github.com/bioinf-jku/FCD	294
What is an intuitive explanation of a multivariate regression?	Correlated Components Analysis - Extracting Reliable Dimensions in   Multivariate Data  How does one find dimensions in multivariate data that are reliably expressed across repetitions? For example, in a brain imaging study one may want to identify combinations of neural signals that are reliably expressed across multiple trials or subjects.  For a behavioral assessment with multiple ratings, one may want to identify an aggregate score that is reliably reproduced across raters. Correlated Components Analysis (CorrCA) addresses this problem by identifying components that are maximally correlated between repetitions (e.g. trials, subjects, raters).	Correlated Components Analysis - Extracting Reliable Dimensions in   Multivariate Data  How does one find dimensions in multivariate data that are reliably expressed across repetitions? For example, in a brain imaging study one may want to identify combinations of neural signals that are reliably expressed across multiple trials or subjects.  For a behavioral assessment with multiple ratings, one may want to identify an aggregate score that is reliably reproduced across raters. Correlated Components Analysis (CorrCA) addresses this problem by identifying components that are maximally correlated between repetitions (e.g. trials, subjects, raters).	317
What is an intuitive explanation of a multivariate regression?	Feature Selection for multi-labeled variables via Dependency   Maximization  Feature selection and reducing the dimensionality of data is an essential step in data analysis. In this work, we propose a new criterion for feature selection that is formulated as conditional information between features given the labeled variable.  Instead of using the standard mutual information measure based on Kullback-Leibler divergence, we use our proposed criterion to filter out redundant features for the purpose of multiclass classification. This approach results in an efficient and fast non-parametric implementation of feature selection as it can be directly estimated using a geometric measure of dependency, the global Friedman-Rafsky (FR) multivariate run test statistic constructed by a global minimal spanning tree (MST). We demonstrate the advantages of our proposed feature selection approach through simulation. In addition the proposed feature selection method is applied to the MNIST data set.	Feature Selection for multi-labeled variables via Dependency   Maximization  Feature selection and reducing the dimensionality of data is an essential step in data analysis. In this work, we propose a new criterion for feature selection that is formulated as conditional information between features given the labeled variable.  Instead of using the standard mutual information measure based on Kullback-Leibler divergence, we use our proposed criterion to filter out redundant features for the purpose of multiclass classification. This approach results in an efficient and fast non-parametric implementation of feature selection as it can be directly estimated using a geometric measure of dependency, the global Friedman-Rafsky (FR) multivariate run test statistic constructed by a global minimal spanning tree (MST). We demonstrate the advantages of our proposed feature selection approach through simulation. In addition the proposed feature selection method is applied to the MNIST data set.	330
What is an intuitive explanation of a multivariate regression?	Adversarial Regression with Multiple Learners  Despite the considerable success enjoyed by machine learning techniques in practice, numerous studies demonstrated that many approaches are vulnerable to attacks. An important class of such attacks involves adversaries changing features at test time to cause incorrect predictions.  Previous investigations of this problem pit a single learner against an adversary. However, in many situations an adversary's decision is aimed at a collection of learners, rather than specifically targeted at each independently. We study the problem of adversarial linear regression with multiple learners.  We approximate the resulting game by exhibiting an upper bound on learner loss functions, and show that the resulting game has a unique symmetric equilibrium. We present an algorithm for computing this equilibrium, and show through extensive experiments that equilibrium models are significantly more robust than conventional regularized linear regression.	 Previous investigations of this problem pit a single learner against an adversary. However, in many situations an adversary's decision is aimed at a collection of learners, rather than specifically targeted at each independently. We study the problem of adversarial linear regression with multiple learners.	335
What is an intuitive explanation of a multivariate regression?	   In this study, we propose an alternative elementary framework for analyzing longitudinal data, relying on matrix completion. Our method yields estimates of progression curves by iterative application of the Singular Value Decomposition. Our framework covers multivariate longitudinal data, regression, and can be easily extended to other settings.  As it relies on existing tools for matrix algebra it is efficient and easy to implement.   We apply our methods to understand trends of progression of motor impairment in children with Cerebral Palsy. Our model approximates individual progression curves and explains 30% of the variability. Low-rank representation of progression trends enables identification of different progression trends in subtypes of Cerebral Palsy.	   In this study, we propose an alternative elementary framework for analyzing longitudinal data, relying on matrix completion. Our method yields estimates of progression curves by iterative application of the Singular Value Decomposition. Our framework covers multivariate longitudinal data, regression, and can be easily extended to other settings.  As it relies on existing tools for matrix algebra it is efficient and easy to implement.   We apply our methods to understand trends of progression of motor impairment in children with Cerebral Palsy. Our model approximates individual progression curves and explains 30% of the variability. Low-rank representation of progression trends enables identification of different progression trends in subtypes of Cerebral Palsy.	335
What is an intuitive explanation of a multivariate regression?	 The question is: how good do estimations of these objectives have to be in order for the solution maximizing the preference function to remain unchanged? In this paper, we introduce the concept of preference radius to characterize the robustness of the preference function and provide guidelines for controlling the quality of estimations in the multi-objective setting.  More specifically, we provide a general formulation of multi-objective optimization under the bandits setting. We show how the preference radius relates to the optimal gap and we use this concept to provide a theoretical analysis of the Thompson sampling algorithm from multivariate normal priors. We finally present experiments to support the theoretical results and highlight the fact that one cannot simply scalarize multi-objective problems into single-objective problems.	 More specifically, we provide a general formulation of multi-objective optimization under the bandits setting. We show how the preference radius relates to the optimal gap and we use this concept to provide a theoretical analysis of the Thompson sampling algorithm from multivariate normal priors. We finally present experiments to support the theoretical results and highlight the fact that one cannot simply scalarize multi-objective problems into single-objective problems.	318
Why is logistic regression considered a linear model?	Generative Model with Dynamic Linear Flow  Flow-based generative models are a family of exact log-likelihood models with tractable sampling and latent-variable inference, hence conceptually attractive for modeling complex distributions. However, flow-based models are limited by density estimation performance issues as compared to state-of-the-art autoregressive models.  Autoregressive models, which also belong to the family of likelihood-based methods, however suffer from limited parallelizability. In this paper, we propose Dynamic Linear Flow (DLF), a new family of invertible transformations with partially autoregressive structure. Our method benefits from the efficient computation of flow-based methods and high density estimation performance of autoregressive methods.	Generative Model with Dynamic Linear Flow  Flow-based generative models are a family of exact log-likelihood models with tractable sampling and latent-variable inference, hence conceptually attractive for modeling complex distributions. However, flow-based models are limited by density estimation performance issues as compared to state-of-the-art autoregressive models.  Autoregressive models, which also belong to the family of likelihood-based methods, however suffer from limited parallelizability. In this paper, we propose Dynamic Linear Flow (DLF), a new family of invertible transformations with partially autoregressive structure. Our method benefits from the efficient computation of flow-based methods and high density estimation performance of autoregressive methods.	353
Why is logistic regression considered a linear model?	A hidden process regression model for functional data description.   Application to curve discrimination  A new approach for functional data description is proposed in this paper. It consists of a regression model with a discrete hidden logistic process which is adapted for modeling curves with abrupt or smooth regime changes.  The model parameters are estimated in a maximum likelihood framework through a dedicated Expectation Maximization (EM) algorithm. From the proposed generative model, a curve discrimination rule is derived using the Maximum A Posteriori rule. The proposed model is evaluated using simulated curves and real world curves acquired during railway switch operations, by performing comparisons with the piecewise regression approach in terms of curve modeling and classification.	A hidden process regression model for functional data description.   Application to curve discrimination  A new approach for functional data description is proposed in this paper. It consists of a regression model with a discrete hidden logistic process which is adapted for modeling curves with abrupt or smooth regime changes.  The model parameters are estimated in a maximum likelihood framework through a dedicated Expectation Maximization (EM) algorithm. From the proposed generative model, a curve discrimination rule is derived using the Maximum A Posteriori rule. The proposed model is evaluated using simulated curves and real world curves acquired during railway switch operations, by performing comparisons with the piecewise regression approach in terms of curve modeling and classification.	348
Why is logistic regression considered a linear model?	Logarithmic Regret for parameter-free Online Logistic Regression  We consider online optimization procedures in the context of logistic regression, focusing on the Extended Kalman Filter (EKF). We introduce a second-order algorithm close to the EKF, named Semi-Online Step (SOS), for which we prove a O(log(n)) regret in the adversarial setting, paving the way to similar results for the EKF. This regret bound on SOS is the first for such parameter-free algorithm in the adversarial logistic regression. We prove for the EKF in constant dynamics a O(log(n)) regret in expectation and in the well-specified logistic regression model.	Logarithmic Regret for parameter-free Online Logistic Regression  We consider online optimization procedures in the context of logistic regression, focusing on the Extended Kalman Filter (EKF). We introduce a second-order algorithm close to the EKF, named Semi-Online Step (SOS), for which we prove a O(log(n)) regret in the adversarial setting, paving the way to similar results for the EKF. This regret bound on SOS is the first for such parameter-free algorithm in the adversarial logistic regression. We prove for the EKF in constant dynamics a O(log(n)) regret in expectation and in the well-specified logistic regression model.	348
Why is logistic regression considered a linear model?	 Many of the existing attempts, however, only focus on relations and ignore object properties. The attempts that do consider object properties are limited in terms of modelling power or scalability. In this paper, we develop relational neural networks (RelNNs) by adding hidden layers to relational logistic regression (the relational counterpart of logistic regression).  We learn latent properties for objects both directly and through general rules. Back-propagation is used for training these models. A modular, layer-wise architecture facilitates utilizing the techniques developed within deep learning community to our architecture. Initial experiments on eight tasks over three real-world datasets show that RelNNs are promising models for relational learning.	 Many of the existing attempts, however, only focus on relations and ignore object properties. The attempts that do consider object properties are limited in terms of modelling power or scalability. In this paper, we develop relational neural networks (RelNNs) by adding hidden layers to relational logistic regression (the relational counterpart of logistic regression).  We learn latent properties for objects both directly and through general rules. Back-propagation is used for training these models. A modular, layer-wise architecture facilitates utilizing the techniques developed within deep learning community to our architecture. Initial experiments on eight tasks over three real-world datasets show that RelNNs are promising models for relational learning.	347
Why is logistic regression considered a linear model?	Correlated Logistic Model With Elastic Net Regularization for Multilabel   Image Classification  In this paper, we present correlated logistic (CorrLog) model for multilabel image classification. CorrLog extends conventional logistic regression model into multilabel cases, via explicitly modeling the pairwise correlation between labels.	Correlated Logistic Model With Elastic Net Regularization for Multilabel   Image Classification  In this paper, we present correlated logistic (CorrLog) model for multilabel image classification. CorrLog extends conventional logistic regression model into multilabel cases, via explicitly modeling the pairwise correlation between labels.	344
Logistic Regression: Why sigmoid function?	 Furthermore, we find that the loss function contained in this latent objective has a similar configuration with non-convex regularized penalty (NSPR) known in statistics and machine learning. Such connection inspires us discovering more intrinsic relationship between SPL regimes and NSPR forms, like SCAD, LOG and EXP.  The robustness insight under SPL can then be finely explained. We also analyze the capability of SPL on its easy loss prior embedding property, and provide an insightful interpretation to the effectiveness mechanism under previous SPL variations. Besides, we design a group-partial-order loss prior, which is especially useful to weakly labeled large-scale data processing tasks. Through applying SPL with this loss prior to the FCVID dataset, which is currently one of the biggest manually annotated video dataset, our method achieves state-of-the-art performance beyond previous methods, which further helps supports the proposed theoretical arguments.	 Furthermore, we find that the loss function contained in this latent objective has a similar configuration with non-convex regularized penalty (NSPR) known in statistics and machine learning. Such connection inspires us discovering more intrinsic relationship between SPL regimes and NSPR forms, like SCAD, LOG and EXP.  The robustness insight under SPL can then be finely explained. We also analyze the capability of SPL on its easy loss prior embedding property, and provide an insightful interpretation to the effectiveness mechanism under previous SPL variations. Besides, we design a group-partial-order loss prior, which is especially useful to weakly labeled large-scale data processing tasks. Through applying SPL with this loss prior to the FCVID dataset, which is currently one of the biggest manually annotated video dataset, our method achieves state-of-the-art performance beyond previous methods, which further helps supports the proposed theoretical arguments.	384
Logistic Regression: Why sigmoid function?	TensorLog: Deep Learning Meets Probabilistic DBs  We present an implementation of a probabilistic first-order logic called TensorLog, in which classes of logical queries are compiled into differentiable functions in a neural-network infrastructure such as Tensorflow or Theano. This leads to a close integration of probabilistic logical reasoning with deep-learning infrastructure: in particular, it enables high-performance deep learning frameworks to be used for tuning the parameters of a probabilistic logic. Experimental results show that TensorLog scales to problems involving hundreds of thousands of knowledge-base triples and tens of thousands of examples.	TensorLog: Deep Learning Meets Probabilistic DBs  We present an implementation of a probabilistic first-order logic called TensorLog, in which classes of logical queries are compiled into differentiable functions in a neural-network infrastructure such as Tensorflow or Theano. This leads to a close integration of probabilistic logical reasoning with deep-learning infrastructure: in particular, it enables high-performance deep learning frameworks to be used for tuning the parameters of a probabilistic logic. Experimental results show that TensorLog scales to problems involving hundreds of thousands of knowledge-base triples and tens of thousands of examples.	388
Logistic Regression: Why sigmoid function?	Provably Efficient Reinforcement Learning with Linear Function   Approximation  Modern Reinforcement Learning (RL) is commonly applied to practical problems with an enormous number of states, where function approximation must be deployed to approximate either the value function or the policy. The introduction of function approximation raises a fundamental set of challenges involving computational and statistical efficiency, especially given the need to manage the exploration/exploitation tradeoff.  As a result, a core RL question remains open: how can we design provably efficient RL algorithms that incorporate function approximation? This question persists even in a basic setting with linear dynamics and linear rewards, for which only linear function approximation is needed.   This paper presents the first provable RL algorithm with both polynomial runtime and polynomial sample complexity in this linear setting, without requiring a "simulator" or additional assumptions.	Provably Efficient Reinforcement Learning with Linear Function   Approximation  Modern Reinforcement Learning (RL) is commonly applied to practical problems with an enormous number of states, where function approximation must be deployed to approximate either the value function or the policy. The introduction of function approximation raises a fundamental set of challenges involving computational and statistical efficiency, especially given the need to manage the exploration/exploitation tradeoff.  As a result, a core RL question remains open: how can we design provably efficient RL algorithms that incorporate function approximation? This question persists even in a basic setting with linear dynamics and linear rewards, for which only linear function approximation is needed.   This paper presents the first provable RL algorithm with both polynomial runtime and polynomial sample complexity in this linear setting, without requiring a "simulator" or additional assumptions.	380
Logistic Regression: Why sigmoid function?	 This solution, however, induces a high channel estimation error and therefore makes it difficult to perform the optimal data detection that requires perfect knowledge of likelihood functions at the receiver. In this paper, we propose a likelihood function learning method for multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems with one-bit ADCs using a reinforcement learning approach.  The key idea is to exploit input-output samples obtained from data detection, to compensate the mismatch in the likelihood function. The underlying difficulty of this idea is a label uncertainty in the samples caused by a data detection error. To resolve this problem, we define a Markov decision process (MDP) to maximize the accuracy of the likelihood function learned from the samples.	 This solution, however, induces a high channel estimation error and therefore makes it difficult to perform the optimal data detection that requires perfect knowledge of likelihood functions at the receiver. In this paper, we propose a likelihood function learning method for multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems with one-bit ADCs using a reinforcement learning approach.  The key idea is to exploit input-output samples obtained from data detection, to compensate the mismatch in the likelihood function. The underlying difficulty of this idea is a label uncertainty in the samples caused by a data detection error. To resolve this problem, we define a Markov decision process (MDP) to maximize the accuracy of the likelihood function learned from the samples.	364
Logistic Regression: Why sigmoid function?	Siamese recurrent networks learn first-order logic reasoning and exhibit   zero-shot compositional generalization  Can neural nets learn logic? We approach this classic question with current methods, and demonstrate that recurrent neural networks can learn to recognize first order logical entailment relations between expressions.  We define an artificial language in first-order predicate logic, generate a large dataset of sample 'sentences', and use an automatic theorem prover to infer the relation between random pairs of such sentences. We describe a Siamese neural architecture trained to predict the logical relation, and experiment with recurrent and recursive networks.	Siamese recurrent networks learn first-order logic reasoning and exhibit   zero-shot compositional generalization  Can neural nets learn logic? We approach this classic question with current methods, and demonstrate that recurrent neural networks can learn to recognize first order logical entailment relations between expressions.  We define an artificial language in first-order predicate logic, generate a large dataset of sample 'sentences', and use an automatic theorem prover to infer the relation between random pairs of such sentences. We describe a Siamese neural architecture trained to predict the logical relation, and experiment with recurrent and recursive networks.	384
When should we use logistic regression and Neural Network?	Neural Logic Networks  Recent years have witnessed the great success of deep neural networks in many research areas. The fundamental idea behind the design of most neural networks is to learn similarity patterns from data for prediction and inference, which lacks the ability of logical reasoning. However, the concrete ability of logical reasoning is critical to many theoretical and practical problems.  In this paper, we propose Neural Logic Network (NLN), which is a dynamic neural architecture that builds the computational graph according to input logical expressions. It learns basic logical operations as neural modules, and conducts propositional logical reasoning through the network for inference. Experiments on simulated data show that NLN achieves significant performance on solving logical equations. Further experiments on real-world data show that NLN significantly outperforms state-of-the-art models on collaborative filtering and personalized recommendation tasks.	Neural Logic Networks  Recent years have witnessed the great success of deep neural networks in many research areas. The fundamental idea behind the design of most neural networks is to learn similarity patterns from data for prediction and inference, which lacks the ability of logical reasoning. However, the concrete ability of logical reasoning is critical to many theoretical and practical problems.  In this paper, we propose Neural Logic Network (NLN), which is a dynamic neural architecture that builds the computational graph according to input logical expressions. It learns basic logical operations as neural modules, and conducts propositional logical reasoning through the network for inference. Experiments on simulated data show that NLN achieves significant performance on solving logical equations. Further experiments on real-world data show that NLN significantly outperforms state-of-the-art models on collaborative filtering and personalized recommendation tasks.	322
When should we use logistic regression and Neural Network?	 In this work we combine neural networks with formal reasoning: using the latter to convert a logical specification into a sequence of examples that guides the neural network towards a correct solution, and to guarantee that any solution returned satisfies the formal specification. We apply our technique to synthesising loop invariants and compare the performance to existing solvers that use SMT and existing techniques that use neural networks. Our results show that the formal reasoning based guidance improves the performance of the neural network substantially, nearly doubling the number of benchmarks it can solve.	 In this work we combine neural networks with formal reasoning: using the latter to convert a logical specification into a sequence of examples that guides the neural network towards a correct solution, and to guarantee that any solution returned satisfies the formal specification. We apply our technique to synthesising loop invariants and compare the performance to existing solvers that use SMT and existing techniques that use neural networks. Our results show that the formal reasoning based guidance improves the performance of the neural network substantially, nearly doubling the number of benchmarks it can solve.	332
When should we use logistic regression and Neural Network?	Recurrent Highway Networks  Many sequential processing tasks require complex nonlinear transition functions from one step to the next. However, recurrent neural networks with 'deep' transition functions remain difficult to train, even when using Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks. We introduce a novel theoretical analysis of recurrent networks based on Gersgorin's circle theorem that illuminates several modeling and optimization issues and improves our understanding of the LSTM cell.	Recurrent Highway Networks  Many sequential processing tasks require complex nonlinear transition functions from one step to the next. However, recurrent neural networks with 'deep' transition functions remain difficult to train, even when using Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks. We introduce a novel theoretical analysis of recurrent networks based on Gersgorin's circle theorem that illuminates several modeling and optimization issues and improves our understanding of the LSTM cell.	321
When should we use logistic regression and Neural Network?	 Many of the existing attempts, however, only focus on relations and ignore object properties. The attempts that do consider object properties are limited in terms of modelling power or scalability. In this paper, we develop relational neural networks (RelNNs) by adding hidden layers to relational logistic regression (the relational counterpart of logistic regression).  We learn latent properties for objects both directly and through general rules. Back-propagation is used for training these models. A modular, layer-wise architecture facilitates utilizing the techniques developed within deep learning community to our architecture. Initial experiments on eight tasks over three real-world datasets show that RelNNs are promising models for relational learning.	 Many of the existing attempts, however, only focus on relations and ignore object properties. The attempts that do consider object properties are limited in terms of modelling power or scalability. In this paper, we develop relational neural networks (RelNNs) by adding hidden layers to relational logistic regression (the relational counterpart of logistic regression).  We learn latent properties for objects both directly and through general rules. Back-propagation is used for training these models. A modular, layer-wise architecture facilitates utilizing the techniques developed within deep learning community to our architecture. Initial experiments on eight tasks over three real-world datasets show that RelNNs are promising models for relational learning.	306
When should we use logistic regression and Neural Network?	Siamese recurrent networks learn first-order logic reasoning and exhibit   zero-shot compositional generalization  Can neural nets learn logic? We approach this classic question with current methods, and demonstrate that recurrent neural networks can learn to recognize first order logical entailment relations between expressions.  We define an artificial language in first-order predicate logic, generate a large dataset of sample 'sentences', and use an automatic theorem prover to infer the relation between random pairs of such sentences. We describe a Siamese neural architecture trained to predict the logical relation, and experiment with recurrent and recursive networks.	Siamese recurrent networks learn first-order logic reasoning and exhibit   zero-shot compositional generalization  Can neural nets learn logic? We approach this classic question with current methods, and demonstrate that recurrent neural networks can learn to recognize first order logical entailment relations between expressions.  We define an artificial language in first-order predicate logic, generate a large dataset of sample 'sentences', and use an automatic theorem prover to infer the relation between random pairs of such sentences. We describe a Siamese neural architecture trained to predict the logical relation, and experiment with recurrent and recursive networks.	303
How are linear regression and gradient descent related?	Parallel Stochastic Gradient Descent with Sound Combiners  Stochastic gradient descent (SGD) is a well known method for regression and classification tasks. However, it is an inherently sequential algorithm at each step, the processing of the current example depends on the parameters learned from the previous examples.  Prior approaches to parallelizing linear learners using SGD, such as HOGWILD! and ALLREDUCE, do not honor these dependencies across threads and thus can potentially suffer poor convergence rates and/or poor scalability. This paper proposes SYMSGD, a parallel SGD algorithm that, to a first-order approximation, retains the sequential semantics of SGD.	Parallel Stochastic Gradient Descent with Sound Combiners  Stochastic gradient descent (SGD) is a well known method for regression and classification tasks. However, it is an inherently sequential algorithm at each step, the processing of the current example depends on the parameters learned from the previous examples.  Prior approaches to parallelizing linear learners using SGD, such as HOGWILD! and ALLREDUCE, do not honor these dependencies across threads and thus can potentially suffer poor convergence rates and/or poor scalability. This paper proposes SYMSGD, a parallel SGD algorithm that, to a first-order approximation, retains the sequential semantics of SGD.	376
How are linear regression and gradient descent related?	Iterate averaging as regularization for stochastic gradient descent  We propose and analyze a variant of the classic Polyak-Ruppert averaging scheme, broadly used in stochastic gradient methods. Rather than a uniform average of the iterates, we consider a weighted average, with weights decaying in a geometric fashion.  In the context of linear least squares regression, we show that this averaging scheme has a the same regularizing effect, and indeed is asymptotically equivalent, to ridge regression. In particular, we derive finite-sample bounds for the proposed approach that match the best known results for regularized stochastic gradient methods.	 In the context of linear least squares regression, we show that this averaging scheme has a the same regularizing effect, and indeed is asymptotically equivalent, to ridge regression. In particular, we derive finite-sample bounds for the proposed approach that match the best known results for regularized stochastic gradient methods.	347
How are linear regression and gradient descent related?	Linear Coupling: An Ultimate Unification of Gradient and Mirror Descent  First-order methods play a central role in large-scale machine learning. Even though many variations exist, each suited to a particular problem, almost all such methods fundamentally rely on two types of algorithmic steps: gradient descent, which yields primal progress, and mirror descent, which yields dual progress.    We observe that the performances of gradient and mirror descent are complementary, so that faster algorithms can be designed by LINEARLY COUPLING the two. We show how to reconstruct Nesterov's accelerated gradient methods using linear coupling, which gives a cleaner interpretation than Nesterov's original proofs. We also discuss the power of linear coupling by extending it to many other settings that Nesterov's methods cannot apply to.	Linear Coupling: An Ultimate Unification of Gradient and Mirror Descent  First-order methods play a central role in large-scale machine learning. Even though many variations exist, each suited to a particular problem, almost all such methods fundamentally rely on two types of algorithmic steps: gradient descent, which yields primal progress, and mirror descent, which yields dual progress.    We observe that the performances of gradient and mirror descent are complementary, so that faster algorithms can be designed by LINEARLY COUPLING the two. We show how to reconstruct Nesterov's accelerated gradient methods using linear coupling, which gives a cleaner interpretation than Nesterov's original proofs. We also discuss the power of linear coupling by extending it to many other settings that Nesterov's methods cannot apply to.	370
How are linear regression and gradient descent related?	Algorithms for Generalized Cluster-wise Linear Regression  Cluster-wise linear regression (CLR), a clustering problem intertwined with regression, is to find clusters of entities such that the overall sum of squared errors from regressions performed over these clusters is minimized, where each cluster may have different variances.  We generalize the CLR problem by allowing each entity to have more than one observation, and refer to it as generalized CLR. We propose an exact mathematical programming based approach relying on column generation, a column generation based heuristic algorithm that clusters predefined groups of entities, a metaheuristic genetic algorithm with adapted Lloyd's algorithm for K-means clustering, a two-stage approach, and a modified algorithm of Sp{\"a}th \cite{Spath1979} for solving generalized CLR.	Algorithms for Generalized Cluster-wise Linear Regression  Cluster-wise linear regression (CLR), a clustering problem intertwined with regression, is to find clusters of entities such that the overall sum of squared errors from regressions performed over these clusters is minimized, where each cluster may have different variances.  We generalize the CLR problem by allowing each entity to have more than one observation, and refer to it as generalized CLR. We propose an exact mathematical programming based approach relying on column generation, a column generation based heuristic algorithm that clusters predefined groups of entities, a metaheuristic genetic algorithm with adapted Lloyd's algorithm for K-means clustering, a two-stage approach, and a modified algorithm of Sp{\"a}th \cite{Spath1979} for solving generalized CLR.	361
How are linear regression and gradient descent related?	Fast gradient descent for drifting least squares regression, with   application to bandits  Online learning algorithms require to often recompute least squares regression estimates of parameters. We study improving the computational complexity of such algorithms by using stochastic gradient descent (SGD) type schemes in place of classic regression solvers.  We show that SGD schemes efficiently track the true solutions of the regression problems, even in the presence of a drift. This finding coupled with an $O(d)$ improvement in complexity, where $d$ is the dimension of the data, make them attractive for implementation in the big data settings. In the case when strong convexity in the regression problem is guaranteed, we provide bounds on the error both in expectation and high probability (the latter is often needed to provide theoretical guarantees for higher level algorithms), despite the drifting least squares solution.	Fast gradient descent for drifting least squares regression, with   application to bandits  Online learning algorithms require to often recompute least squares regression estimates of parameters. We study improving the computational complexity of such algorithms by using stochastic gradient descent (SGD) type schemes in place of classic regression solvers.  We show that SGD schemes efficiently track the true solutions of the regression problems, even in the presence of a drift. This finding coupled with an $O(d)$ improvement in complexity, where $d$ is the dimension of the data, make them attractive for implementation in the big data settings. In the case when strong convexity in the regression problem is guaranteed, we provide bounds on the error both in expectation and high probability (the latter is often needed to provide theoretical guarantees for higher level algorithms), despite the drifting least squares solution.	371
What is the intuition behind SoftMax function?	Sigsoftmax: Reanalysis of the Softmax Bottleneck  Softmax is an output activation function for modeling categorical probability distributions in many applications of deep learning. However, a recent study revealed that softmax can be a bottleneck of representational capacity of neural networks in language modeling (the softmax bottleneck).  In this paper, we propose an output activation function for breaking the softmax bottleneck without additional parameters. We re-analyze the softmax bottleneck from the perspective of the output set of log-softmax and identify the cause of the softmax bottleneck. On the basis of this analysis, we propose sigsoftmax, which is composed of a multiplication of an exponential function and sigmoid function. Sigsoftmax can break the softmax bottleneck. The experiments on language modeling demonstrate that sigsoftmax and mixture of sigsoftmax outperform softmax and mixture of softmax, respectively.	Sigsoftmax: Reanalysis of the Softmax Bottleneck  Softmax is an output activation function for modeling categorical probability distributions in many applications of deep learning. However, a recent study revealed that softmax can be a bottleneck of representational capacity of neural networks in language modeling (the softmax bottleneck).  In this paper, we propose an output activation function for breaking the softmax bottleneck without additional parameters. We re-analyze the softmax bottleneck from the perspective of the output set of log-softmax and identify the cause of the softmax bottleneck. On the basis of this analysis, we propose sigsoftmax, which is composed of a multiplication of an exponential function and sigmoid function. Sigsoftmax can break the softmax bottleneck. The experiments on language modeling demonstrate that sigsoftmax and mixture of sigsoftmax outperform softmax and mixture of softmax, respectively.	329
What is the intuition behind SoftMax function?	 This probabilistic mapping allows to use the maximum likelihood principle, which leads to the well-known log-softmax loss. However the choice of the softmax function seems somehow arbitrary as there are many other possible normalizing functions. It is thus unclear why the log-softmax loss would perform better than other loss alternatives.  In particular Vincent et al. (2015) recently introduced a class of loss functions, called the spherical family, for which there exists an efficient algorithm to compute the updates of the output weights irrespective of the output size. In this paper, we explore several loss functions from this family as possible alternatives to the traditional log-softmax.	 This probabilistic mapping allows to use the maximum likelihood principle, which leads to the well-known log-softmax loss. However the choice of the softmax function seems somehow arbitrary as there are many other possible normalizing functions. It is thus unclear why the log-softmax loss would perform better than other loss alternatives.  In particular Vincent et al. (2015) recently introduced a class of loss functions, called the spherical family, for which there exists an efficient algorithm to compute the updates of the output weights irrespective of the output size. In this paper, we explore several loss functions from this family as possible alternatives to the traditional log-softmax.	297
What is the intuition behind SoftMax function?	Softmax Optimizations for Intel Xeon Processor-based Platforms  Softmax is popular normalization method used in machine learning. Deep learning solutions like Transformer or BERT use the softmax function intensively, so it is worthwhile to optimize its performance. This article presents our methodology of optimization and its results applied to softmax. By presenting this methodology, we hope to increase an interest in deep learning optimizations for CPUs. We believe that the optimization process presented here could be transferred to other deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch.	Softmax Optimizations for Intel Xeon Processor-based Platforms  Softmax is popular normalization method used in machine learning. Deep learning solutions like Transformer or BERT use the softmax function intensively, so it is worthwhile to optimize its performance. This article presents our methodology of optimization and its results applied to softmax. By presenting this methodology, we hope to increase an interest in deep learning optimizations for CPUs. We believe that the optimization process presented here could be transferred to other deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch.	328
What is the intuition behind SoftMax function?	On the Properties of the Softmax Function with Application in Game   Theory and Reinforcement Learning  In this paper, we utilize results from convex analysis and monotone operator theory to derive additional properties of the softmax function that have not yet been covered in the existing literature.  In particular, we show that the softmax function is the monotone gradient map of the log-sum-exp function. By exploiting this connection, we show that the inverse temperature parameter determines the Lipschitz and co-coercivity properties of the softmax function. We then demonstrate the usefulness of these properties through an application in game-theoretic reinforcement learning.	 In particular, we show that the softmax function is the monotone gradient map of the log-sum-exp function. By exploiting this connection, we show that the inverse temperature parameter determines the Lipschitz and co-coercivity properties of the softmax function. We then demonstrate the usefulness of these properties through an application in game-theoretic reinforcement learning.	335
What is the intuition behind SoftMax function?	How the Softmax Output is Misleading for Evaluating the Strength of   Adversarial Examples  Even before deep learning architectures became the de facto models for complex computer vision tasks, the softmax function was, given its elegant properties, already used to analyze the predictions of feedforward neural networks.	How the Softmax Output is Misleading for Evaluating the Strength of   Adversarial Examples  Even before deep learning architectures became the de facto models for complex computer vision tasks, the softmax function was, given its elegant properties, already used to analyze the predictions of feedforward neural networks.	336
What is softmax regression?	Sigsoftmax: Reanalysis of the Softmax Bottleneck  Softmax is an output activation function for modeling categorical probability distributions in many applications of deep learning. However, a recent study revealed that softmax can be a bottleneck of representational capacity of neural networks in language modeling (the softmax bottleneck).  In this paper, we propose an output activation function for breaking the softmax bottleneck without additional parameters. We re-analyze the softmax bottleneck from the perspective of the output set of log-softmax and identify the cause of the softmax bottleneck. On the basis of this analysis, we propose sigsoftmax, which is composed of a multiplication of an exponential function and sigmoid function. Sigsoftmax can break the softmax bottleneck. The experiments on language modeling demonstrate that sigsoftmax and mixture of sigsoftmax outperform softmax and mixture of softmax, respectively.	Sigsoftmax: Reanalysis of the Softmax Bottleneck  Softmax is an output activation function for modeling categorical probability distributions in many applications of deep learning. However, a recent study revealed that softmax can be a bottleneck of representational capacity of neural networks in language modeling (the softmax bottleneck).  In this paper, we propose an output activation function for breaking the softmax bottleneck without additional parameters. We re-analyze the softmax bottleneck from the perspective of the output set of log-softmax and identify the cause of the softmax bottleneck. On the basis of this analysis, we propose sigsoftmax, which is composed of a multiplication of an exponential function and sigmoid function. Sigsoftmax can break the softmax bottleneck. The experiments on language modeling demonstrate that sigsoftmax and mixture of sigsoftmax outperform softmax and mixture of softmax, respectively.	451
What is softmax regression?	 However, deep neural networks with the softmax classifier are known to produce highly overconfident posterior distributions even for such abnormal samples. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective method for detecting any abnormal samples, which is applicable to any pre-trained softmax neural classifier.  We obtain the class conditional Gaussian distributions with respect to (low- and upper-level) features of the deep models under Gaussian discriminant analysis, which result in a confidence score based on the Mahalanobis distance. While most prior methods have been evaluated for detecting either out-of-distribution or adversarial samples, but not both, the proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performances for both cases in our experiments.	 However, deep neural networks with the softmax classifier are known to produce highly overconfident posterior distributions even for such abnormal samples. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective method for detecting any abnormal samples, which is applicable to any pre-trained softmax neural classifier.  We obtain the class conditional Gaussian distributions with respect to (low- and upper-level) features of the deep models under Gaussian discriminant analysis, which result in a confidence score based on the Mahalanobis distance. While most prior methods have been evaluated for detecting either out-of-distribution or adversarial samples, but not both, the proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performances for both cases in our experiments.	475
What is softmax regression?	Softmax Dissection: Towards Understanding Intra- and Inter-class   Objective for Embedding Learning  The softmax loss and its variants are widely used as objectives for embedding learning, especially in applications like face recognition. However, the intra- and inter-class objectives in the softmax loss are entangled, therefore a well-optimized inter-class objective leads to relaxation on the intra-class objective, and vice versa.  In this paper, we propose to dissect the softmax loss into independent intra- and inter-class objective (D-Softmax). With D-Softmax as objective, we can have a clear understanding of both the intra- and inter-class objective, therefore it is straightforward to tune each part to the best state. Furthermore, we find the computation of the inter-class objective is redundant and propose two sampling-based variants of D-Softmax to reduce the computation cost.	Softmax Dissection: Towards Understanding Intra- and Inter-class   Objective for Embedding Learning  The softmax loss and its variants are widely used as objectives for embedding learning, especially in applications like face recognition. However, the intra- and inter-class objectives in the softmax loss are entangled, therefore a well-optimized inter-class objective leads to relaxation on the intra-class objective, and vice versa.  In this paper, we propose to dissect the softmax loss into independent intra- and inter-class objective (D-Softmax). With D-Softmax as objective, we can have a clear understanding of both the intra- and inter-class objective, therefore it is straightforward to tune each part to the best state. Furthermore, we find the computation of the inter-class objective is redundant and propose two sampling-based variants of D-Softmax to reduce the computation cost.	467
What is softmax regression?	 However, the sampled softmax provides a biased estimate of the gradient unless the samples are drawn from the exact softmax distribution, which is again expensive to compute. Therefore, a widely employed practical approach involves sampling from a simpler distribution in the hope of approximating the exact softmax distribution.  In this paper, we develop the first theoretical understanding of the role that different sampling distributions play in determining the quality of sampled softmax. Motivated by our analysis and the work on kernel-based sampling, we propose the Random Fourier Softmax (RF-softmax) method that utilizes the powerful Random Fourier Features to enable more efficient and accurate sampling from an approximate softmax distribution. We show that RF-softmax leads to low bias in estimation in terms of both the full softmax distribution and the full softmax gradient. Furthermore, the cost of RF-softmax scales only logarithmically with the number of classes.	 However, the sampled softmax provides a biased estimate of the gradient unless the samples are drawn from the exact softmax distribution, which is again expensive to compute. Therefore, a widely employed practical approach involves sampling from a simpler distribution in the hope of approximating the exact softmax distribution.  In this paper, we develop the first theoretical understanding of the role that different sampling distributions play in determining the quality of sampled softmax. Motivated by our analysis and the work on kernel-based sampling, we propose the Random Fourier Softmax (RF-softmax) method that utilizes the powerful Random Fourier Features to enable more efficient and accurate sampling from an approximate softmax distribution. We show that RF-softmax leads to low bias in estimation in terms of both the full softmax distribution and the full softmax gradient. Furthermore, the cost of RF-softmax scales only logarithmically with the number of classes.	454
What is softmax regression?	 However, this type of approaches critically depend on an accurate pre-estimation of the noise transition, which is usually impractical. Subsequent improvement adapts the pre-estimation along with the training progress via a Softmax layer. However, the parameters in the Softmax layer are highly tweaked for the fragile performance due to the ill-posed stochastic approximation.  To address these issues, we propose a Latent Class-Conditional Noise model (LCCN) that naturally embeds the noise transition under a Bayesian framework. By projecting the noise transition into a Dirichlet-distributed space, the learning is constrained on a simplex based on the whole dataset, instead of some ad-hoc parametric space.	 However, this type of approaches critically depend on an accurate pre-estimation of the noise transition, which is usually impractical. Subsequent improvement adapts the pre-estimation along with the training progress via a Softmax layer. However, the parameters in the Softmax layer are highly tweaked for the fragile performance due to the ill-posed stochastic approximation.  To address these issues, we propose a Latent Class-Conditional Noise model (LCCN) that naturally embeds the noise transition under a Bayesian framework. By projecting the noise transition into a Dirichlet-distributed space, the learning is constrained on a simplex based on the whole dataset, instead of some ad-hoc parametric space.	484
What is supervised learning?	Efficient Path Prediction for Semi-Supervised and Weakly Supervised   Hierarchical Text Classification  Hierarchical text classification has many real-world applications. However, labeling a large number of documents is costly. In practice, we can use semi-supervised learning or weakly supervised learning (e. g., dataless classification) to reduce the labeling cost. In this paper, we propose a path cost-sensitive learning algorithm to utilize the structural information and further make use of unlabeled and weakly-labeled data. We use a generative model to leverage the large amount of unlabeled data and introduce path constraints into the learning algorithm to incorporate the structural information of the class hierarchy.	Efficient Path Prediction for Semi-Supervised and Weakly Supervised   Hierarchical Text Classification  Hierarchical text classification has many real-world applications. However, labeling a large number of documents is costly. In practice, we can use semi-supervised learning or weakly supervised learning (e. g., dataless classification) to reduce the labeling cost. In this paper, we propose a path cost-sensitive learning algorithm to utilize the structural information and further make use of unlabeled and weakly-labeled data. We use a generative model to leverage the large amount of unlabeled data and introduce path constraints into the learning algorithm to incorporate the structural information of the class hierarchy.	462
What is supervised learning?	Backward-Forward Algorithm: An Improvement towards Extreme Learning   Machine  The extreme learning machine needs a large number of hidden nodes to generalize a single hidden layer neural network for a given training data-set. The need for more number of hidden nodes suggests that the neural-network is memorizing rather than generalizing the model.  Hence, a supervised learning method is described here that uses Moore-Penrose approximation to determine both input-weight and output-weight in two epochs, namely, backward-pass and forward-pass. The proposed technique has an advantage over the back-propagation method in terms of iterations required and is superior to the extreme learning machine in terms of the number of hidden units necessary for generalization.	 Hence, a supervised learning method is described here that uses Moore-Penrose approximation to determine both input-weight and output-weight in two epochs, namely, backward-pass and forward-pass. The proposed technique has an advantage over the back-propagation method in terms of iterations required and is superior to the extreme learning machine in terms of the number of hidden units necessary for generalization.	464
What is supervised learning?	TCT: A Cross-supervised Learning Method for Multimodal Sequence   Representation  Multimodalities provide promising performance than unimodality in most tasks. However, learning the semantic of the representations from multimodalities efficiently is extremely challenging. To tackle this, we propose the Transformer based Cross-modal Translator (TCT) to learn unimodal sequence representations by translating from other related multimodal sequences on a supervised learning method.  Combined TCT with Multimodal Transformer Network (MTN), we evaluate MTN-TCT on the video-grounded dialogue which uses multimodality. The proposed method reports new state-of-the-art performance on video-grounded dialogue which indicates representations learned by TCT are more semantics compared to directly use unimodality.	TCT: A Cross-supervised Learning Method for Multimodal Sequence   Representation  Multimodalities provide promising performance than unimodality in most tasks. However, learning the semantic of the representations from multimodalities efficiently is extremely challenging. To tackle this, we propose the Transformer based Cross-modal Translator (TCT) to learn unimodal sequence representations by translating from other related multimodal sequences on a supervised learning method.  Combined TCT with Multimodal Transformer Network (MTN), we evaluate MTN-TCT on the video-grounded dialogue which uses multimodality. The proposed method reports new state-of-the-art performance on video-grounded dialogue which indicates representations learned by TCT are more semantics compared to directly use unimodality.	440
What is supervised learning?	Super learning in the SAS system  Background and objective: Stacking is an ensemble machine learning method that averages predictions from multiple other algorithms, such as generalized linear models and regression trees. An implementation of stacking, called super learning, has been developed as a general approach to supervised learning and has seen frequent usage, in part due to the availability of an R package.  We develop super learning in the SAS software system using a new macro, and demonstrate its performance relative to the R package.   Methods: Following previous work using the R SuperLearner package we assess the performance of super learning in a number of domains. We compare the R package with the new SAS macro in a small set of simulations assessing curve fitting in a predictive model as well in a set of 14 publicly available datasets to assess cross-validated accuracy.	Super learning in the SAS system  Background and objective: Stacking is an ensemble machine learning method that averages predictions from multiple other algorithms, such as generalized linear models and regression trees. An implementation of stacking, called super learning, has been developed as a general approach to supervised learning and has seen frequent usage, in part due to the availability of an R package.  We develop super learning in the SAS software system using a new macro, and demonstrate its performance relative to the R package.   Methods: Following previous work using the R SuperLearner package we assess the performance of super learning in a number of domains. We compare the R package with the new SAS macro in a small set of simulations assessing curve fitting in a predictive model as well in a set of 14 publicly available datasets to assess cross-validated accuracy.	447
What is supervised learning?	Self-supervised learning for autonomous vehicles perception: A   conciliation between analytical and learning methods  Nowadays, supervised deep learning techniques yield the best state-of-the-art prediction performances for a wide variety of computer vision tasks. However, such supervised techniques generally require a large amount of manually labeled training data.  In the context of autonomous vehicles perception, this requirement is critical, as the distribution of sensor data can continuously change and include several unexpected variations. It turns out that a category of learning techniques, referred to as self-supervised learning (SSL), consists of replacing the manual labeling effort by an automatic labeling process.	Self-supervised learning for autonomous vehicles perception: A   conciliation between analytical and learning methods  Nowadays, supervised deep learning techniques yield the best state-of-the-art prediction performances for a wide variety of computer vision tasks. However, such supervised techniques generally require a large amount of manually labeled training data.  In the context of autonomous vehicles perception, this requirement is critical, as the distribution of sensor data can continuously change and include several unexpected variations. It turns out that a category of learning techniques, referred to as self-supervised learning (SSL), consists of replacing the manual labeling effort by an automatic labeling process.	447
What does supervision exactly mean in the context of supervised machine learning?	Low-Power Neuromorphic Hardware for Signal Processing Applications  Machine learning has emerged as the dominant tool for implementing complex cognitive tasks that require supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement learning. While the resulting machines have demonstrated in some cases even super-human performance, their energy consumption has often proved to be prohibitive in the absence of costly super-computers.  Most state-of-the-art machine learning solutions are based on memory-less models of neurons. This is unlike the neurons in the human brain, which encode and process information using temporal information in spike events. The different computing principles underlying biological neurons and how they combine together to efficiently process information is believed to be a key factor behind their superior efficiency compared to current machine learning systems.	Low-Power Neuromorphic Hardware for Signal Processing Applications  Machine learning has emerged as the dominant tool for implementing complex cognitive tasks that require supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement learning. While the resulting machines have demonstrated in some cases even super-human performance, their energy consumption has often proved to be prohibitive in the absence of costly super-computers.  Most state-of-the-art machine learning solutions are based on memory-less models of neurons. This is unlike the neurons in the human brain, which encode and process information using temporal information in spike events. The different computing principles underlying biological neurons and how they combine together to efficiently process information is believed to be a key factor behind their superior efficiency compared to current machine learning systems.	289
What does supervision exactly mean in the context of supervised machine learning?	Discovering Influential Factors in Variational Autoencoder  In the field of machine learning, it is still a critical issue to identify and supervise the learned representation without manually intervening or intuition assistance to extract useful knowledge or serve for the downstream tasks. In this work, we focus on supervising the influential factors extracted by the variational autoencoder(VAE).  The VAE is proposed to learn independent low dimension representation while facing the problem that sometimes pre-set factors are ignored. We argue that the mutual information of the input and each learned factor of the representation plays a necessary indicator of discovering the influential factors.	Discovering Influential Factors in Variational Autoencoder  In the field of machine learning, it is still a critical issue to identify and supervise the learned representation without manually intervening or intuition assistance to extract useful knowledge or serve for the downstream tasks. In this work, we focus on supervising the influential factors extracted by the variational autoencoder(VAE).  The VAE is proposed to learn independent low dimension representation while facing the problem that sometimes pre-set factors are ignored. We argue that the mutual information of the input and each learned factor of the representation plays a necessary indicator of discovering the influential factors.	300
What does supervision exactly mean in the context of supervised machine learning?	Evaluation of Machine Learning Methods to Predict Coronary Artery   Disease Using Metabolomic Data  Metabolomic data can potentially enable accurate, non-invasive and low-cost prediction of coronary artery disease. Regression-based analytical approaches however might fail to fully account for interactions between metabolites, rely on a priori selected input features and thus might suffer from poorer accuracy.  Supervised machine learning methods can potentially be used in order to fully exploit the dimensionality and richness of the data. In this paper, we systematically implement and evaluate a set of supervised learning methods (L1 regression, random forest classifier) and compare them to traditional regression-based approaches for disease prediction using metabolomic data.	 Supervised machine learning methods can potentially be used in order to fully exploit the dimensionality and richness of the data. In this paper, we systematically implement and evaluate a set of supervised learning methods (L1 regression, random forest classifier) and compare them to traditional regression-based approaches for disease prediction using metabolomic data.	285
What does supervision exactly mean in the context of supervised machine learning?	 In machine learning research, this gradient problem lies at the core of many learning problems, in supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning. We will generally seek to rewrite such gradients in a form that allows for Monte Carlo estimation, allowing them to be easily and efficiently used and analysed.  We explore three strategies--the pathwise, score function, and measure-valued gradient estimators--exploring their historical development, derivation, and underlying assumptions. We describe their use in other fields, show how they are related and can be combined, and expand on their possible generalisations. Wherever Monte Carlo gradient estimators have been derived and deployed in the past, important advances have followed. A deeper and more widely-held understanding of this problem will lead to further advances, and it is these advances that we wish to support.	 In machine learning research, this gradient problem lies at the core of many learning problems, in supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning. We will generally seek to rewrite such gradients in a form that allows for Monte Carlo estimation, allowing them to be easily and efficiently used and analysed.  We explore three strategies--the pathwise, score function, and measure-valued gradient estimators--exploring their historical development, derivation, and underlying assumptions. We describe their use in other fields, show how they are related and can be combined, and expand on their possible generalisations. Wherever Monte Carlo gradient estimators have been derived and deployed in the past, important advances have followed. A deeper and more widely-held understanding of this problem will lead to further advances, and it is these advances that we wish to support.	274
What does supervision exactly mean in the context of supervised machine learning?	 In this paper, we present a comprehensive review of state-of-the-art deep learning approaches that have been used in the context of histopathological image analysis. From the survey of over 130 papers, we review the fields progress based on the methodological aspect of different machine learning strategies such as supervised, weakly supervised, unsupervised, transfer learning and various other sub-variants of these methods.  We also provide an overview of deep learning based survival models that are applicable for disease-specific prognosis tasks. Finally, we summarize several existing open datasets and highlight critical challenges and limitations with current deep learning approaches, along with possible avenues for future research.	 In this paper, we present a comprehensive review of state-of-the-art deep learning approaches that have been used in the context of histopathological image analysis. From the survey of over 130 papers, we review the fields progress based on the methodological aspect of different machine learning strategies such as supervised, weakly supervised, unsupervised, transfer learning and various other sub-variants of these methods.  We also provide an overview of deep learning based survival models that are applicable for disease-specific prognosis tasks. Finally, we summarize several existing open datasets and highlight critical challenges and limitations with current deep learning approaches, along with possible avenues for future research.	286
Why isnt supervised machine learning more automated?	Unsupervised Few-shot Learning via Self-supervised Training  Learning from limited exemplars (few-shot learning) is a fundamental, unsolved problem that has been laboriously explored in the machine learning community. However, current few-shot learners are mostly supervised and rely heavily on a large amount of labeled examples.  Unsupervised learning is a more natural procedure for cognitive mammals and has produced promising results in many machine learning tasks. In the current study, we develop a method to learn an unsupervised few-shot learner via self-supervised training (UFLST), which can effectively generalize to novel but related classes.	Unsupervised Few-shot Learning via Self-supervised Training  Learning from limited exemplars (few-shot learning) is a fundamental, unsolved problem that has been laboriously explored in the machine learning community. However, current few-shot learners are mostly supervised and rely heavily on a large amount of labeled examples.  Unsupervised learning is a more natural procedure for cognitive mammals and has produced promising results in many machine learning tasks. In the current study, we develop a method to learn an unsupervised few-shot learner via self-supervised training (UFLST), which can effectively generalize to novel but related classes.	372
Why isnt supervised machine learning more automated?	Learning What Data to Learn  Machine learning is essentially the sciences of playing with data. An adaptive data selection strategy, enabling to dynamically choose different data at various training stages, can reach a more effective model in a more efficient way. In this paper, we propose a deep reinforcement learning framework, which we call \emph{\textbf{N}eural \textbf{D}ata \textbf{F}ilter} (\textbf{NDF}), to explore automatic and adaptive data selection in the training process.  In particular, NDF takes advantage of a deep neural network to adaptively select and filter important data instances from a sequential stream of training data, such that the future accumulative reward (e.g., the convergence speed) is maximized. In contrast to previous studies in data selection that is mainly based on heuristic strategies, NDF is quite generic and thus can be widely suitable for many machine learning tasks.	Learning What Data to Learn  Machine learning is essentially the sciences of playing with data. An adaptive data selection strategy, enabling to dynamically choose different data at various training stages, can reach a more effective model in a more efficient way. In this paper, we propose a deep reinforcement learning framework, which we call \emph{\textbf{N}eural \textbf{D}ata \textbf{F}ilter} (\textbf{NDF}), to explore automatic and adaptive data selection in the training process.  In particular, NDF takes advantage of a deep neural network to adaptively select and filter important data instances from a sequential stream of training data, such that the future accumulative reward (e.g., the convergence speed) is maximized. In contrast to previous studies in data selection that is mainly based on heuristic strategies, NDF is quite generic and thus can be widely suitable for many machine learning tasks.	384
Why isnt supervised machine learning more automated?	Self-supervised learning for autonomous vehicles perception: A   conciliation between analytical and learning methods  Nowadays, supervised deep learning techniques yield the best state-of-the-art prediction performances for a wide variety of computer vision tasks. However, such supervised techniques generally require a large amount of manually labeled training data.  In the context of autonomous vehicles perception, this requirement is critical, as the distribution of sensor data can continuously change and include several unexpected variations. It turns out that a category of learning techniques, referred to as self-supervised learning (SSL), consists of replacing the manual labeling effort by an automatic labeling process.	Self-supervised learning for autonomous vehicles perception: A   conciliation between analytical and learning methods  Nowadays, supervised deep learning techniques yield the best state-of-the-art prediction performances for a wide variety of computer vision tasks. However, such supervised techniques generally require a large amount of manually labeled training data.  In the context of autonomous vehicles perception, this requirement is critical, as the distribution of sensor data can continuously change and include several unexpected variations. It turns out that a category of learning techniques, referred to as self-supervised learning (SSL), consists of replacing the manual labeling effort by an automatic labeling process.	376
Why isnt supervised machine learning more automated?	Taking Human out of Learning Applications: A Survey on Automated Machine   Learning  Machine learning techniques have deeply rooted in our everyday life. However, since it is knowledge- and labor-intensive to pursue good learning performance, human experts are heavily involved in every aspect of machine learning.  In order to make machine learning techniques easier to apply and reduce the demand for experienced human experts, automated machine learning (AutoML) has emerged as a hot topic with both industrial and academic interest. In this paper, we provide an up to date survey on AutoML. First, we introduce and define the AutoML problem, with inspiration from both realms of automation and machine learning.	Taking Human out of Learning Applications: A Survey on Automated Machine   Learning  Machine learning techniques have deeply rooted in our everyday life. However, since it is knowledge- and labor-intensive to pursue good learning performance, human experts are heavily involved in every aspect of machine learning.  In order to make machine learning techniques easier to apply and reduce the demand for experienced human experts, automated machine learning (AutoML) has emerged as a hot topic with both industrial and academic interest. In this paper, we provide an up to date survey on AutoML. First, we introduce and define the AutoML problem, with inspiration from both realms of automation and machine learning.	371
Why isnt supervised machine learning more automated?	nuScenes: A multimodal dataset for autonomous driving  Robust detection and tracking of objects is crucial for the deployment of autonomous vehicle technology. Image based benchmark datasets have driven development in computer vision tasks such as object detection, tracking and segmentation of agents in the environment.  Most autonomous vehicles, however, carry a combination of cameras and range sensors such as lidar and radar. As machine learning based methods for detection and tracking become more prevalent, there is a need to train and evaluate such methods on datasets containing range sensor data along with images.  In this work we present nuTonomy scenes (nuScenes), the first dataset to carry the full autonomous vehicle sensor suite: 6 cameras, 5 radars and 1 lidar, all with full 360 degree field of view. nuScenes comprises 1000 scenes, each 20s long and fully annotated with 3D bounding boxes for 23 classes and 8 attributes.	 Most autonomous vehicles, however, carry a combination of cameras and range sensors such as lidar and radar. As machine learning based methods for detection and tracking become more prevalent, there is a need to train and evaluate such methods on datasets containing range sensor data along with images.	387
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a supervised learning machine?	 Despite its relevance, general-purpose AD has been missing from the machine learning toolbox, a situation slowly changing with its ongoing adoption under the names "dynamic computational graphs" and "differentiable programming". We survey the intersection of AD and machine learning, cover applications where AD has direct relevance, and address the main implementation techniques. By precisely defining the main differentiation techniques and their interrelationships, we aim to bring clarity to the usage of the terms "autodiff", "automatic differentiation", and "symbolic differentiation" as these are encountered more and more in machine learning settings.	 Despite its relevance, general-purpose AD has been missing from the machine learning toolbox, a situation slowly changing with its ongoing adoption under the names "dynamic computational graphs" and "differentiable programming". We survey the intersection of AD and machine learning, cover applications where AD has direct relevance, and address the main implementation techniques. By precisely defining the main differentiation techniques and their interrelationships, we aim to bring clarity to the usage of the terms "autodiff", "automatic differentiation", and "symbolic differentiation" as these are encountered more and more in machine learning settings.	288
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a supervised learning machine?	The Case for Meta-Cognitive Machine Learning: On Model Entropy and   Concept Formation in Deep Learning  Machine learning is usually defined in behaviourist terms, where external validation is the primary mechanism of learning. In this paper, I argue for a more holistic interpretation in which finding more probable, efficient and abstract representations is as central to learning as performance.  In other words, machine learning should be extended with strategies to reason over its own learning process, leading to so-called meta-cognitive machine learning. As such, the de facto definition of machine learning should be reformulated in these intrinsically multi-objective terms, taking into account not only the task performance but also internal learning objectives.	The Case for Meta-Cognitive Machine Learning: On Model Entropy and   Concept Formation in Deep Learning  Machine learning is usually defined in behaviourist terms, where external validation is the primary mechanism of learning. In this paper, I argue for a more holistic interpretation in which finding more probable, efficient and abstract representations is as central to learning as performance.  In other words, machine learning should be extended with strategies to reason over its own learning process, leading to so-called meta-cognitive machine learning. As such, the de facto definition of machine learning should be reformulated in these intrinsically multi-objective terms, taking into account not only the task performance but also internal learning objectives.	323
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a supervised learning machine?	 Sustainable computing studies the process by which computer engineer/scientist designs computers and associated subsystems efficiently and effectively with minimal impact on the environment. However, current intelligent machine-learning systems are performance driven, the focus is on the predictive/classification accuracy, based on known properties learned from the training samples.  For instance, most machine-learning-based nonparametric models are known to require high computational cost in order to find the global optima. With the learning task in a large dataset, the number of hidden nodes within the network will therefore increase significantly, which eventually leads to an exponential rise in computational complexity.	 Sustainable computing studies the process by which computer engineer/scientist designs computers and associated subsystems efficiently and effectively with minimal impact on the environment. However, current intelligent machine-learning systems are performance driven, the focus is on the predictive/classification accuracy, based on known properties learned from the training samples.  For instance, most machine-learning-based nonparametric models are known to require high computational cost in order to find the global optima. With the learning task in a large dataset, the number of hidden nodes within the network will therefore increase significantly, which eventually leads to an exponential rise in computational complexity.	321
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a supervised learning machine?	Backward-Forward Algorithm: An Improvement towards Extreme Learning   Machine  The extreme learning machine needs a large number of hidden nodes to generalize a single hidden layer neural network for a given training data-set. The need for more number of hidden nodes suggests that the neural-network is memorizing rather than generalizing the model.  Hence, a supervised learning method is described here that uses Moore-Penrose approximation to determine both input-weight and output-weight in two epochs, namely, backward-pass and forward-pass. The proposed technique has an advantage over the back-propagation method in terms of iterations required and is superior to the extreme learning machine in terms of the number of hidden units necessary for generalization.	 Hence, a supervised learning method is described here that uses Moore-Penrose approximation to determine both input-weight and output-weight in two epochs, namely, backward-pass and forward-pass. The proposed technique has an advantage over the back-propagation method in terms of iterations required and is superior to the extreme learning machine in terms of the number of hidden units necessary for generalization.	319
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a supervised learning machine?	Are We Really Making Much Progress? A Worrying Analysis of Recent Neural   Recommendation Approaches  Deep learning techniques have become the method of choice for researchers working on algorithmic aspects of recommender systems. With the strongly increased interest in machine learning in general, it has, as a result, become difficult to keep track of what represents the state-of-the-art at the moment, e. g., for top-n recommendation tasks. At the same time, several recent publications point out problems in today's research practice in applied machine learning, e.g., in terms of the reproducibility of the results or the choice of the baselines when proposing new models. In this work, we report the results of a systematic analysis of algorithmic proposals for top-n recommendation tasks.	Are We Really Making Much Progress? A Worrying Analysis of Recent Neural   Recommendation Approaches  Deep learning techniques have become the method of choice for researchers working on algorithmic aspects of recommender systems. With the strongly increased interest in machine learning in general, it has, as a result, become difficult to keep track of what represents the state-of-the-art at the moment, e. g., for top-n recommendation tasks. At the same time, several recent publications point out problems in today's research practice in applied machine learning, e.g., in terms of the reproducibility of the results or the choice of the baselines when proposing new models. In this work, we report the results of a systematic analysis of algorithmic proposals for top-n recommendation tasks.	328
What are the main supervised machine learning methods?	 In this work, we perform a review of methods for neural circuit inference given the activation time series of the neural population. Approaching it from machine learning perspective, we divide the methodologies into unsupervised and supervised learning. The methods are based on correlation metrics, probabilistic point processes, and neural networks.  Furthermore, we add a data mining methodology inspired by influence estimation in social networks as a new supervised learning approach. For comparison, we use the small version of the Chalearn Connectomics competition, that is accompanied with ground truth connections between neurons. The experiments indicate that unsupervised learning methods perform better, however, supervised methods could surpass them given enough data and resources.	 In this work, we perform a review of methods for neural circuit inference given the activation time series of the neural population. Approaching it from machine learning perspective, we divide the methodologies into unsupervised and supervised learning. The methods are based on correlation metrics, probabilistic point processes, and neural networks.  Furthermore, we add a data mining methodology inspired by influence estimation in social networks as a new supervised learning approach. For comparison, we use the small version of the Chalearn Connectomics competition, that is accompanied with ground truth connections between neurons. The experiments indicate that unsupervised learning methods perform better, however, supervised methods could surpass them given enough data and resources.	343
What are the main supervised machine learning methods?	 In machine learning research, this gradient problem lies at the core of many learning problems, in supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning. We will generally seek to rewrite such gradients in a form that allows for Monte Carlo estimation, allowing them to be easily and efficiently used and analysed.  We explore three strategies--the pathwise, score function, and measure-valued gradient estimators--exploring their historical development, derivation, and underlying assumptions. We describe their use in other fields, show how they are related and can be combined, and expand on their possible generalisations. Wherever Monte Carlo gradient estimators have been derived and deployed in the past, important advances have followed. A deeper and more widely-held understanding of this problem will lead to further advances, and it is these advances that we wish to support.	 In machine learning research, this gradient problem lies at the core of many learning problems, in supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning. We will generally seek to rewrite such gradients in a form that allows for Monte Carlo estimation, allowing them to be easily and efficiently used and analysed.  We explore three strategies--the pathwise, score function, and measure-valued gradient estimators--exploring their historical development, derivation, and underlying assumptions. We describe their use in other fields, show how they are related and can be combined, and expand on their possible generalisations. Wherever Monte Carlo gradient estimators have been derived and deployed in the past, important advances have followed. A deeper and more widely-held understanding of this problem will lead to further advances, and it is these advances that we wish to support.	331
What are the main supervised machine learning methods?	Machine Learning vs Statistical Methods for Time Series Forecasting:   Size Matters  Time series forecasting is one of the most active research topics. Machine learning methods have been increasingly adopted to solve these predictive tasks. However, in a recent work, these were shown to systematically present a lower predictive performance relative to simple statistical methods.  In this work, we counter these results. We show that these are only valid under an extremely low sample size. Using a learning curve method, our results suggest that machine learning methods improve their relative predictive performance as the sample size grows. The code to reproduce the experiments is available at https://github.com/vcerqueira/MLforForecasting.	Machine Learning vs Statistical Methods for Time Series Forecasting:   Size Matters  Time series forecasting is one of the most active research topics. Machine learning methods have been increasingly adopted to solve these predictive tasks. However, in a recent work, these were shown to systematically present a lower predictive performance relative to simple statistical methods.  In this work, we counter these results. We show that these are only valid under an extremely low sample size. Using a learning curve method, our results suggest that machine learning methods improve their relative predictive performance as the sample size grows. The code to reproduce the experiments is available at https://github.com/vcerqueira/MLforForecasting.	331
What are the main supervised machine learning methods?	Machine Learning in Compiler Optimisation  In the last decade, machine learning based compilation has moved from an an obscure research niche to a mainstream activity. In this article, we describe the relationship between machine learning and compiler optimisation and introduce the main concepts of features, models, training and deployment.  We then provide a comprehensive survey and provide a road map for the wide variety of different research areas. We conclude with a discussion on open issues in the area and potential research directions. This paper provides both an accessible introduction to the fast moving area of machine learning based compilation and a detailed bibliography of its main achievements.	Machine Learning in Compiler Optimisation  In the last decade, machine learning based compilation has moved from an an obscure research niche to a mainstream activity. In this article, we describe the relationship between machine learning and compiler optimisation and introduce the main concepts of features, models, training and deployment.  We then provide a comprehensive survey and provide a road map for the wide variety of different research areas. We conclude with a discussion on open issues in the area and potential research directions. This paper provides both an accessible introduction to the fast moving area of machine learning based compilation and a detailed bibliography of its main achievements.	346
What are the main supervised machine learning methods?	 Manually retrieving suspicious files relevant to the investigation is akin to finding a needle in a haystack. In this paper, a methodology for the automatic prioritisation of suspicious file artefacts (i.e., file artefacts that are pertinent to the investigation) is proposed to reduce the manual analysis effort required.  This methodology is designed to work in a human-in-the-loop fashion. In other words, it predicts/recommends that an artefact is likely to be suspicious rather than giving the final analysis result. A supervised machine learning approach is employed, which leverages the recorded results of previously processed cases.  The process of features extraction, dataset generation, training and evaluation are presented in this paper. In addition, a toolkit for data extraction from disk images is outlined, which enables this method to be integrated with the conventional investigation process and work in an automated fashion.	 This methodology is designed to work in a human-in-the-loop fashion. In other words, it predicts/recommends that an artefact is likely to be suspicious rather than giving the final analysis result. A supervised machine learning approach is employed, which leverages the recorded results of previously processed cases.	343
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms?	Towards Biologically Plausible Deep Learning  Neuroscientists have long criticised deep learning algorithms as incompatible with current knowledge of neurobiology. We explore more biologically plausible versions of deep representation learning, focusing here mostly on unsupervised learning but developing a learning mechanism that could account for supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning.  The starting point is that the basic learning rule believed to govern synaptic weight updates (Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity) arises out of a simple update rule that makes a lot of sense from a machine learning point of view and can be interpreted as gradient descent on some objective function so long as the neuronal dynamics push firing rates towards better values of the objective function (be it supervised, unsupervised, or reward-driven).	Towards Biologically Plausible Deep Learning  Neuroscientists have long criticised deep learning algorithms as incompatible with current knowledge of neurobiology. We explore more biologically plausible versions of deep representation learning, focusing here mostly on unsupervised learning but developing a learning mechanism that could account for supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning.  The starting point is that the basic learning rule believed to govern synaptic weight updates (Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity) arises out of a simple update rule that makes a lot of sense from a machine learning point of view and can be interpreted as gradient descent on some objective function so long as the neuronal dynamics push firing rates towards better values of the objective function (be it supervised, unsupervised, or reward-driven).	296
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms?	Unsupervised Few-shot Learning via Self-supervised Training  Learning from limited exemplars (few-shot learning) is a fundamental, unsolved problem that has been laboriously explored in the machine learning community. However, current few-shot learners are mostly supervised and rely heavily on a large amount of labeled examples.  Unsupervised learning is a more natural procedure for cognitive mammals and has produced promising results in many machine learning tasks. In the current study, we develop a method to learn an unsupervised few-shot learner via self-supervised training (UFLST), which can effectively generalize to novel but related classes.	Unsupervised Few-shot Learning via Self-supervised Training  Learning from limited exemplars (few-shot learning) is a fundamental, unsolved problem that has been laboriously explored in the machine learning community. However, current few-shot learners are mostly supervised and rely heavily on a large amount of labeled examples.  Unsupervised learning is a more natural procedure for cognitive mammals and has produced promising results in many machine learning tasks. In the current study, we develop a method to learn an unsupervised few-shot learner via self-supervised training (UFLST), which can effectively generalize to novel but related classes.	292
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms?	A Unified Semi-Supervised Dimensionality Reduction Framework for   Manifold Learning  We present a general framework of semi-supervised dimensionality reduction for manifold learning which naturally generalizes existing supervised and unsupervised learning frameworks which apply the spectral decomposition.  Algorithms derived under our framework are able to employ both labeled and unlabeled examples and are able to handle complex problems where data form separate clusters of manifolds. Our framework offers simple views, explains relationships among existing frameworks and provides further extensions which can improve existing algorithms. Furthermore, a new semi-supervised kernelization framework called ``KPCA trick'' is proposed to handle non-linear problems.	A Unified Semi-Supervised Dimensionality Reduction Framework for   Manifold Learning  We present a general framework of semi-supervised dimensionality reduction for manifold learning which naturally generalizes existing supervised and unsupervised learning frameworks which apply the spectral decomposition.  Algorithms derived under our framework are able to employ both labeled and unlabeled examples and are able to handle complex problems where data form separate clusters of manifolds. Our framework offers simple views, explains relationships among existing frameworks and provides further extensions which can improve existing algorithms. Furthermore, a new semi-supervised kernelization framework called ``KPCA trick'' is proposed to handle non-linear problems.	296
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms?	Is 'Unsupervised Learning' a Misconceived Term?  Is all of machine learning supervised to some degree? The field of machine learning has traditionally been categorized pedagogically into $supervised~vs~unsupervised~learning$; where supervised learning has typically referred to learning from labeled data, while unsupervised learning has typically referred to learning from unlabeled data.  In this paper, we assert that all machine learning is in fact supervised to some degree, and that the scope of supervision is necessarily commensurate to the scope of learning potential. In particular, we argue that clustering algorithms such as k-means, and dimensionality reduction algorithms such as principal component analysis, variational autoencoders, and deep belief networks are each internally supervised by the data itself to learn their respective representations of its features.	Is 'Unsupervised Learning' a Misconceived Term?  Is all of machine learning supervised to some degree? The field of machine learning has traditionally been categorized pedagogically into $supervised~vs~unsupervised~learning$; where supervised learning has typically referred to learning from labeled data, while unsupervised learning has typically referred to learning from unlabeled data.  In this paper, we assert that all machine learning is in fact supervised to some degree, and that the scope of supervision is necessarily commensurate to the scope of learning potential. In particular, we argue that clustering algorithms such as k-means, and dimensionality reduction algorithms such as principal component analysis, variational autoencoders, and deep belief networks are each internally supervised by the data itself to learn their respective representations of its features.	279
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms?	Stacked What-Where Auto-encoders  We present a novel architecture, the "stacked what-where auto-encoders" (SWWAE), which integrates discriminative and generative pathways and provides a unified approach to supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised learning without relying on sampling during training.  An instantiation of SWWAE uses a convolutional net (Convnet) (LeCun et al. (1998)) to encode the input, and employs a deconvolutional net (Deconvnet) (Zeiler et al. (2010)) to produce the reconstruction. The objective function includes reconstruction terms that induce the hidden states in the Deconvnet to be similar to those of the Convnet. Each pooling layer produces two sets of variables: the "what" which are fed to the next layer, and its complementary variable "where" that are fed to the corresponding layer in the generative decoder.	Stacked What-Where Auto-encoders  We present a novel architecture, the "stacked what-where auto-encoders" (SWWAE), which integrates discriminative and generative pathways and provides a unified approach to supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised learning without relying on sampling during training.  An instantiation of SWWAE uses a convolutional net (Convnet) (LeCun et al. (1998)) to encode the input, and employs a deconvolutional net (Deconvnet) (Zeiler et al. (2010)) to produce the reconstruction. The objective function includes reconstruction terms that induce the hidden states in the Deconvnet to be similar to those of the Convnet. Each pooling layer produces two sets of variables: the "what" which are fed to the next layer, and its complementary variable "where" that are fed to the corresponding layer in the generative decoder.	272
How do I learn reinforcement learning?	Hierarchical Conflict Propagation: Sequence Learning in a Recurrent Deep   Neural Network  Recurrent neural networks (RNN) are capable of learning to encode and exploit activation history over an arbitrary timescale. However, in practice, state of the art gradient descent based training methods are known to suffer from difficulties in learning long term dependencies.  Here, we describe a novel training method that involves concurrent parallel cloned networks, each sharing the same weights, each trained at different stimulus phase and each maintaining independent activation histories. Training proceeds by recursively performing batch-updates over the parallel clones as activation history is progressively increased.	Hierarchical Conflict Propagation: Sequence Learning in a Recurrent Deep   Neural Network  Recurrent neural networks (RNN) are capable of learning to encode and exploit activation history over an arbitrary timescale. However, in practice, state of the art gradient descent based training methods are known to suffer from difficulties in learning long term dependencies.  Here, we describe a novel training method that involves concurrent parallel cloned networks, each sharing the same weights, each trained at different stimulus phase and each maintaining independent activation histories. Training proceeds by recursively performing batch-updates over the parallel clones as activation history is progressively increased.	366
How do I learn reinforcement learning?	Reward-Conditioned Policies  Reinforcement learning offers the promise of automating the acquisition of complex behavioral skills. However, compared to commonly used and well-understood supervised learning methods, reinforcement learning algorithms can be brittle, difficult to use and tune, and sensitive to seemingly innocuous implementation decisions.  In contrast, imitation learning utilizes standard and well-understood supervised learning methods, but requires near-optimal expert data. Can we learn effective policies via supervised learning without demonstrations? The main idea that we explore in this work is that non-expert trajectories collected from sub-optimal policies can be viewed as optimal supervision, not for maximizing the reward, but for matching the reward of the given trajectory.	Reward-Conditioned Policies  Reinforcement learning offers the promise of automating the acquisition of complex behavioral skills. However, compared to commonly used and well-understood supervised learning methods, reinforcement learning algorithms can be brittle, difficult to use and tune, and sensitive to seemingly innocuous implementation decisions.  In contrast, imitation learning utilizes standard and well-understood supervised learning methods, but requires near-optimal expert data. Can we learn effective policies via supervised learning without demonstrations? The main idea that we explore in this work is that non-expert trajectories collected from sub-optimal policies can be viewed as optimal supervision, not for maximizing the reward, but for matching the reward of the given trajectory.	355
How do I learn reinforcement learning?	Learning to reinforcement learn for Neural Architecture Search  Reinforcement learning (RL) is a goal-oriented learning solution that has proven to be successful for Neural Architecture Search (NAS) on the CIFAR and ImageNet datasets. However, a limitation of this approach is its high computational cost, making it unfeasible to replay it on other datasets.  Through meta-learning, we could bring this cost down by adapting previously learned policies instead of learning them from scratch. In this work, we propose a deep meta-RL algorithm that learns an adaptive policy over a set of environments, making it possible to transfer it to previously unseen tasks.	Learning to reinforcement learn for Neural Architecture Search  Reinforcement learning (RL) is a goal-oriented learning solution that has proven to be successful for Neural Architecture Search (NAS) on the CIFAR and ImageNet datasets. However, a limitation of this approach is its high computational cost, making it unfeasible to replay it on other datasets.  Through meta-learning, we could bring this cost down by adapting previously learned policies instead of learning them from scratch. In this work, we propose a deep meta-RL algorithm that learns an adaptive policy over a set of environments, making it possible to transfer it to previously unseen tasks.	362
How do I learn reinforcement learning?	Learning to Learn How to Learn: Self-Adaptive Visual Navigation Using   Meta-Learning  Learning is an inherently continuous phenomenon. When humans learn a new task there is no explicit distinction between training and inference. As we learn a task, we keep learning about it while performing the task.  What we learn and how we learn it varies during different stages of learning. Learning how to learn and adapt is a key property that enables us to generalize effortlessly to new settings. This is in contrast with conventional settings in machine learning where a trained model is frozen during inference.	Learning to Learn How to Learn: Self-Adaptive Visual Navigation Using   Meta-Learning  Learning is an inherently continuous phenomenon. When humans learn a new task there is no explicit distinction between training and inference. As we learn a task, we keep learning about it while performing the task.  What we learn and how we learn it varies during different stages of learning. Learning how to learn and adapt is a key property that enables us to generalize effortlessly to new settings. This is in contrast with conventional settings in machine learning where a trained model is frozen during inference.	358
How do I learn reinforcement learning?	Learning to Repeat: Fine Grained Action Repetition for Deep   Reinforcement Learning  Reinforcement Learning algorithms can learn complex behavioral patterns for sequential decision making tasks wherein an agent interacts with an environment and acquires feedback in the form of rewards sampled from it.  Traditionally, such algorithms make decisions, i.e., select actions to execute, at every single time step of the agent-environment interactions. In this paper, we propose a novel framework, Fine Grained Action Repetition (FiGAR), which enables the agent to decide the action as well as the time scale of repeating it.	Learning to Repeat: Fine Grained Action Repetition for Deep   Reinforcement Learning  Reinforcement Learning algorithms can learn complex behavioral patterns for sequential decision making tasks wherein an agent interacts with an environment and acquires feedback in the form of rewards sampled from it.  Traditionally, such algorithms make decisions, i.e., select actions to execute, at every single time step of the agent-environment interactions. In this paper, we propose a novel framework, Fine Grained Action Repetition (FiGAR), which enables the agent to decide the action as well as the time scale of repeating it.	337
Whats the best way and what are the best resources to start learning about deep reinforcement learning?	Why does Deep Learning work? - A perspective from Group Theory  Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.    One factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called pre-training: first search for a good generative model for the input samples, and repeat the process one layer at a time. We show deeper implications of this simple principle, by establishing a connection with the interplay of orbits and stabilizers of group actions.	Why does Deep Learning work? - A perspective from Group Theory  Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.    One factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called pre-training: first search for a good generative model for the input samples, and repeat the process one layer at a time. We show deeper implications of this simple principle, by establishing a connection with the interplay of orbits and stabilizers of group actions.	339
Whats the best way and what are the best resources to start learning about deep reinforcement learning?	How Transferable are the Representations Learned by Deep Q Agents?  In this paper, we consider the source of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL)'s sample complexity, asking how much derives from the requirement of learning useful representations of environment states and how much is due to the sample complexity of learning a policy.  While for DRL agents, the distinction between representation and policy may not be clear, we seek new insight through a set of transfer learning experiments. In each experiment, we retain some fraction of layers trained on either the same game or a related game, comparing the benefits of transfer learning to learning a policy from scratch.	How Transferable are the Representations Learned by Deep Q Agents?  In this paper, we consider the source of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL)'s sample complexity, asking how much derives from the requirement of learning useful representations of environment states and how much is due to the sample complexity of learning a policy.  While for DRL agents, the distinction between representation and policy may not be clear, we seek new insight through a set of transfer learning experiments. In each experiment, we retain some fraction of layers trained on either the same game or a related game, comparing the benefits of transfer learning to learning a policy from scratch.	343
Whats the best way and what are the best resources to start learning about deep reinforcement learning?	Deep Reinforcement Learning for Foreign Exchange Trading  Reinforcement learning can interact with the environment and is suitable for applications in decision control systems. Therefore, we used the reinforcement learning method to establish a foreign exchange transaction, avoiding the long-standing problem of unstable trends in deep learning predictions.  In the system design, we optimized the Sure-Fire statistical arbitrage policy, set three different actions, encoded the continuous price over a period of time into a heat-map view of the Gramian Angular Field (GAF) and compared the Deep Q Learning (DQN) and Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) algorithms.	Deep Reinforcement Learning for Foreign Exchange Trading  Reinforcement learning can interact with the environment and is suitable for applications in decision control systems. Therefore, we used the reinforcement learning method to establish a foreign exchange transaction, avoiding the long-standing problem of unstable trends in deep learning predictions.  In the system design, we optimized the Sure-Fire statistical arbitrage policy, set three different actions, encoded the continuous price over a period of time into a heat-map view of the Gramian Angular Field (GAF) and compared the Deep Q Learning (DQN) and Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) algorithms.	338
Whats the best way and what are the best resources to start learning about deep reinforcement learning?	A Deep Reinforcement Learning Approach to First-Order Logic Theorem   Proving  Automated theorem provers have traditionally relied on manually tuned heuristics to guide how they perform proof search. Deep reinforcement learning has been proposed as a way to obviate the need for such heuristics, however, its deployment in automated theorem proving remains a challenge.  In this paper we introduce TRAIL, a system that applies deep reinforcement learning to saturation-based theorem proving. TRAIL leverages (a) a novel neural representation of the state of a theorem prover and (b) a novel characterization of the inference selection process in terms of an attention-based action policy. We show through systematic analysis that these mechanisms allow TRAIL to significantly outperform previous reinforcement-learning-based theorem provers on two benchmark datasets for first-order logic automated theorem proving (proving around 15% more theorems).	A Deep Reinforcement Learning Approach to First-Order Logic Theorem   Proving  Automated theorem provers have traditionally relied on manually tuned heuristics to guide how they perform proof search. Deep reinforcement learning has been proposed as a way to obviate the need for such heuristics, however, its deployment in automated theorem proving remains a challenge.  In this paper we introduce TRAIL, a system that applies deep reinforcement learning to saturation-based theorem proving. TRAIL leverages (a) a novel neural representation of the state of a theorem prover and (b) a novel characterization of the inference selection process in terms of an attention-based action policy. We show through systematic analysis that these mechanisms allow TRAIL to significantly outperform previous reinforcement-learning-based theorem provers on two benchmark datasets for first-order logic automated theorem proving (proving around 15% more theorems).	323
Whats the best way and what are the best resources to start learning about deep reinforcement learning?	A Group Theoretic Perspective on Unsupervised Deep Learning  Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.   One factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called {\em pretraining}: first search for a good generative model for the input samples, and repeat the process one layer at a time.  We show deeper implications of this simple principle, by establishing a connection with the interplay of orbits and stabilizers of group actions. Although the neural networks themselves may not form groups, we show the existence of {\em shadow} groups whose elements serve as close approximations.   Over the shadow groups, the pre-training step, originally introduced as a mechanism to better initialize a network, becomes equivalent to a search for features with minimal orbits.	A Group Theoretic Perspective on Unsupervised Deep Learning  Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.   One factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called {\em pretraining}: first search for a good generative model for the input samples, and repeat the process one layer at a time.  We show deeper implications of this simple principle, by establishing a connection with the interplay of orbits and stabilizers of group actions. Although the neural networks themselves may not form groups, we show the existence of {\em shadow} groups whose elements serve as close approximations.   Over the shadow groups, the pre-training step, originally introduced as a mechanism to better initialize a network, becomes equivalent to a search for features with minimal orbits.	334
What is the difference between supervised learning and reinforcement learning?	Generalized Inverse Optimization through Online Learning  Inverse optimization is a powerful paradigm for learning preferences and restrictions that explain the behavior of a decision maker, based on a set of external signal and the corresponding decision pairs. However, most inverse optimization algorithms are designed specifically in batch setting, where all the data is available in advance.  As a consequence, there has been rare use of these methods in an online setting suitable for real-time applications. In this paper, we propose a general framework for inverse optimization through online learning. Specifically, we develop an online learning algorithm that uses an implicit update rule which can handle noisy data.	Generalized Inverse Optimization through Online Learning  Inverse optimization is a powerful paradigm for learning preferences and restrictions that explain the behavior of a decision maker, based on a set of external signal and the corresponding decision pairs. However, most inverse optimization algorithms are designed specifically in batch setting, where all the data is available in advance.  As a consequence, there has been rare use of these methods in an online setting suitable for real-time applications. In this paper, we propose a general framework for inverse optimization through online learning. Specifically, we develop an online learning algorithm that uses an implicit update rule which can handle noisy data.	302
What is the difference between supervised learning and reinforcement learning?	Reward-Conditioned Policies  Reinforcement learning offers the promise of automating the acquisition of complex behavioral skills. However, compared to commonly used and well-understood supervised learning methods, reinforcement learning algorithms can be brittle, difficult to use and tune, and sensitive to seemingly innocuous implementation decisions.  In contrast, imitation learning utilizes standard and well-understood supervised learning methods, but requires near-optimal expert data. Can we learn effective policies via supervised learning without demonstrations? The main idea that we explore in this work is that non-expert trajectories collected from sub-optimal policies can be viewed as optimal supervision, not for maximizing the reward, but for matching the reward of the given trajectory.	Reward-Conditioned Policies  Reinforcement learning offers the promise of automating the acquisition of complex behavioral skills. However, compared to commonly used and well-understood supervised learning methods, reinforcement learning algorithms can be brittle, difficult to use and tune, and sensitive to seemingly innocuous implementation decisions.  In contrast, imitation learning utilizes standard and well-understood supervised learning methods, but requires near-optimal expert data. Can we learn effective policies via supervised learning without demonstrations? The main idea that we explore in this work is that non-expert trajectories collected from sub-optimal policies can be viewed as optimal supervision, not for maximizing the reward, but for matching the reward of the given trajectory.	283
What is the difference between supervised learning and reinforcement learning?	Are skip connections necessary for biologically plausible learning   rules?  Backpropagation is the workhorse of deep learning, however, several other biologically-motivated learning rules have been introduced, such as random feedback alignment and difference target propagation. None of these methods have produced a competitive performance against backpropagation. In this paper, we show that biologically-motivated learning rules with skip connections between intermediate layers can perform as well as backpropagation on the MNIST dataset and are robust to various sets of hyper-parameters.	Are skip connections necessary for biologically plausible learning   rules?  Backpropagation is the workhorse of deep learning, however, several other biologically-motivated learning rules have been introduced, such as random feedback alignment and difference target propagation. None of these methods have produced a competitive performance against backpropagation. In this paper, we show that biologically-motivated learning rules with skip connections between intermediate layers can perform as well as backpropagation on the MNIST dataset and are robust to various sets of hyper-parameters.	298
What is the difference between supervised learning and reinforcement learning?	 However, there are many practical challenges to implement deep reinforcement learning in online systems, including low sample efficiency, uncontrollable risks, and excessive variances. To address these issues, we propose a novel reinforcement learning method, namely model-based counterfactual advantage learning (MBCAL).  The proposed method takes advantage of the characteristics of recommender systems and draws ideas from the model-based reinforcement learning method for higher sample efficiency. It has two components: an environment model that predicts the instant user behavior one-by-one in an auto-regressive form, and a future advantage model that predicts the future utility.	 However, there are many practical challenges to implement deep reinforcement learning in online systems, including low sample efficiency, uncontrollable risks, and excessive variances. To address these issues, we propose a novel reinforcement learning method, namely model-based counterfactual advantage learning (MBCAL).  The proposed method takes advantage of the characteristics of recommender systems and draws ideas from the model-based reinforcement learning method for higher sample efficiency. It has two components: an environment model that predicts the instant user behavior one-by-one in an auto-regressive form, and a future advantage model that predicts the future utility.	295
What is the difference between supervised learning and reinforcement learning?	Attention-based Deep Reinforcement Learning for Multi-view Environments  In reinforcement learning algorithms, it is a common practice to account for only a single view of the environment to make the desired decisions; however, utilizing multiple views of the environment can help to promote the learning of complicated policies.  Since the views may frequently suffer from partial observability, their provided observation can have different levels of importance. In this paper, we present a novel attention-based deep reinforcement learning method in a multi-view environment in which each view can provide various representative information about the environment. Specifically, our method learns a policy to dynamically attend to views of the environment based on their importance in the decision-making process. We evaluate the performance of our method on TORCS racing car simulator and three other complex 3D environments with obstacles.	Attention-based Deep Reinforcement Learning for Multi-view Environments  In reinforcement learning algorithms, it is a common practice to account for only a single view of the environment to make the desired decisions; however, utilizing multiple views of the environment can help to promote the learning of complicated policies.  Since the views may frequently suffer from partial observability, their provided observation can have different levels of importance. In this paper, we present a novel attention-based deep reinforcement learning method in a multi-view environment in which each view can provide various representative information about the environment. Specifically, our method learns a policy to dynamically attend to views of the environment based on their importance in the decision-making process. We evaluate the performance of our method on TORCS racing car simulator and three other complex 3D environments with obstacles.	304
How does one learn a reward function in Reinforcement Learning (RL)?	Overcoming Exploration in Reinforcement Learning with Demonstrations  Exploration in environments with sparse rewards has been a persistent problem in reinforcement learning (RL). Many tasks are natural to specify with a sparse reward, and manually shaping a reward function can result in suboptimal performance.  However, finding a non-zero reward is exponentially more difficult with increasing task horizon or action dimensionality. This puts many real-world tasks out of practical reach of RL methods. In this work, we use demonstrations to overcome the exploration problem and successfully learn to perform long-horizon, multi-step robotics tasks with continuous control such as stacking blocks with a robot arm.	Overcoming Exploration in Reinforcement Learning with Demonstrations  Exploration in environments with sparse rewards has been a persistent problem in reinforcement learning (RL). Many tasks are natural to specify with a sparse reward, and manually shaping a reward function can result in suboptimal performance.  However, finding a non-zero reward is exponentially more difficult with increasing task horizon or action dimensionality. This puts many real-world tasks out of practical reach of RL methods. In this work, we use demonstrations to overcome the exploration problem and successfully learn to perform long-horizon, multi-step robotics tasks with continuous control such as stacking blocks with a robot arm.	282
How does one learn a reward function in Reinforcement Learning (RL)?	Why Does Hierarchy (Sometimes) Work So Well in Reinforcement Learning?  Hierarchical reinforcement learning has demonstrated significant success at solving difficult reinforcement learning (RL) tasks. Previous works have motivated the use of hierarchy by appealing to a number of intuitive benefits, including learning over temporally extended transitions, exploring over temporally extended periods, and training and exploring in a more semantically meaningful action space, among others.  However, in fully observed, Markovian settings, it is not immediately clear why hierarchical RL should provide benefits over standard "shallow" RL architectures. In this work, we isolate and evaluate the claimed benefits of hierarchical RL on a suite of tasks encompassing locomotion, navigation, and manipulation.	Why Does Hierarchy (Sometimes) Work So Well in Reinforcement Learning?  Hierarchical reinforcement learning has demonstrated significant success at solving difficult reinforcement learning (RL) tasks. Previous works have motivated the use of hierarchy by appealing to a number of intuitive benefits, including learning over temporally extended transitions, exploring over temporally extended periods, and training and exploring in a more semantically meaningful action space, among others.  However, in fully observed, Markovian settings, it is not immediately clear why hierarchical RL should provide benefits over standard "shallow" RL architectures. In this work, we isolate and evaluate the claimed benefits of hierarchical RL on a suite of tasks encompassing locomotion, navigation, and manipulation.	278
How does one learn a reward function in Reinforcement Learning (RL)?	 Next we discuss RL core elements, including value function, policy, reward, model, exploration vs. exploitation, and representation. Then we discuss important mechanisms for RL, including attention and memory, unsupervised learning, hierarchical RL, multi-agent RL, relational RL, and learning to learn.  After that, we discuss RL applications, including games, robotics, natural language processing (NLP), computer vision, finance, business management, healthcare, education, energy, transportation, computer systems, and, science, engineering, and art. Finally we summarize briefly, discuss challenges and opportunities, and close with an epilogue.	 Next we discuss RL core elements, including value function, policy, reward, model, exploration vs. exploitation, and representation. Then we discuss important mechanisms for RL, including attention and memory, unsupervised learning, hierarchical RL, multi-agent RL, relational RL, and learning to learn.  After that, we discuss RL applications, including games, robotics, natural language processing (NLP), computer vision, finance, business management, healthcare, education, energy, transportation, computer systems, and, science, engineering, and art. Finally we summarize briefly, discuss challenges and opportunities, and close with an epilogue.	263
How does one learn a reward function in Reinforcement Learning (RL)?	 Reinforcement Learning (RL) is a powerful framework that could potentially address these issues, for example by allowing a dialog model to optimize for reducing toxicity and repetitiveness. However, previous approaches which apply RL to open-domain dialog generation do so at the word level, making it difficult for the model to learn proper credit assignment for long-term conversational rewards.  In this paper, we propose a novel approach to hierarchical reinforcement learning, VHRL, which uses policy gradients to tune the utterance-level embedding of a variational sequence model. This hierarchical approach provides greater flexibility for learning long-term, conversational rewards. We use self-play and RL to optimize for a set of human-centered conversation metrics, and show that our approach provides significant improvements -- in terms of both human evaluation and automatic metrics -- over state-of-the-art dialog models, including Transformers.	 Reinforcement Learning (RL) is a powerful framework that could potentially address these issues, for example by allowing a dialog model to optimize for reducing toxicity and repetitiveness. However, previous approaches which apply RL to open-domain dialog generation do so at the word level, making it difficult for the model to learn proper credit assignment for long-term conversational rewards.  In this paper, we propose a novel approach to hierarchical reinforcement learning, VHRL, which uses policy gradients to tune the utterance-level embedding of a variational sequence model. This hierarchical approach provides greater flexibility for learning long-term, conversational rewards. We use self-play and RL to optimize for a set of human-centered conversation metrics, and show that our approach provides significant improvements -- in terms of both human evaluation and automatic metrics -- over state-of-the-art dialog models, including Transformers.	273
How does one learn a reward function in Reinforcement Learning (RL)?	 This solution, however, induces a high channel estimation error and therefore makes it difficult to perform the optimal data detection that requires perfect knowledge of likelihood functions at the receiver. In this paper, we propose a likelihood function learning method for multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems with one-bit ADCs using a reinforcement learning approach.  The key idea is to exploit input-output samples obtained from data detection, to compensate the mismatch in the likelihood function. The underlying difficulty of this idea is a label uncertainty in the samples caused by a data detection error. To resolve this problem, we define a Markov decision process (MDP) to maximize the accuracy of the likelihood function learned from the samples.	 This solution, however, induces a high channel estimation error and therefore makes it difficult to perform the optimal data detection that requires perfect knowledge of likelihood functions at the receiver. In this paper, we propose a likelihood function learning method for multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems with one-bit ADCs using a reinforcement learning approach.  The key idea is to exploit input-output samples obtained from data detection, to compensate the mismatch in the likelihood function. The underlying difficulty of this idea is a label uncertainty in the samples caused by a data detection error. To resolve this problem, we define a Markov decision process (MDP) to maximize the accuracy of the likelihood function learned from the samples.	275
What is the Future of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DL + RL)?	PixelRL: Fully Convolutional Network with Reinforcement Learning for   Image Processing  This paper tackles a new problem setting: reinforcement learning with pixel-wise rewards (pixelRL) for image processing. After the introduction of the deep Q-network, deep RL has been achieving great success. However, the applications of deep reinforcement learning (RL) for image processing are still limited.  Therefore, we extend deep RL to pixelRL for various image processing applications. In pixelRL, each pixel has an agent, and the agent changes the pixel value by taking an action. We also propose an effective learning method for pixelRL that significantly improves the performance by considering not only the future states of the own pixel but also those of the neighbor pixels.	PixelRL: Fully Convolutional Network with Reinforcement Learning for   Image Processing  This paper tackles a new problem setting: reinforcement learning with pixel-wise rewards (pixelRL) for image processing. After the introduction of the deep Q-network, deep RL has been achieving great success. However, the applications of deep reinforcement learning (RL) for image processing are still limited.  Therefore, we extend deep RL to pixelRL for various image processing applications. In pixelRL, each pixel has an agent, and the agent changes the pixel value by taking an action. We also propose an effective learning method for pixelRL that significantly improves the performance by considering not only the future states of the own pixel but also those of the neighbor pixels.	348
What is the Future of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DL + RL)?	 The LTV approach considers the future implications of the item recommendation, and seeks to maximize the cumulative gain over time. The Reinforcement Learning (RL) framework is the standard formulation for optimizing cumulative successes over time. However, RL is rarely used in practice due to its associated representation, optimization and validation techniques which can be complex.  In this paper we propose a new architecture for combining RL with recommendation systems which obviates the need for hand-tuned features, thus automating the state-space representation construction process. We analyze the practical difficulties in this formulation and test our solutions on batch off-line real-world recommendation data.	 The LTV approach considers the future implications of the item recommendation, and seeks to maximize the cumulative gain over time. The Reinforcement Learning (RL) framework is the standard formulation for optimizing cumulative successes over time. However, RL is rarely used in practice due to its associated representation, optimization and validation techniques which can be complex.  In this paper we propose a new architecture for combining RL with recommendation systems which obviates the need for hand-tuned features, thus automating the state-space representation construction process. We analyze the practical difficulties in this formulation and test our solutions on batch off-line real-world recommendation data.	347
What is the Future of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DL + RL)?	Pre-training in Deep Reinforcement Learning for Automatic Speech   Recognition  Deep reinforcement learning (deep RL) is a combination of deep learning with reinforcement learning principles to create efficient methods that can learn by interacting with its environment. This led to breakthroughs in many complex tasks that were previously difficult to solve.  However, deep RL requires a large amount of training time that makes it difficult to use in various real-life applications like human-computer interaction (HCI). Therefore, in this paper, we study pre-training in deep RL to reduce the training time and improve the performance in speech recognition, a popular application of HCI. We achieve significantly improved performance in less time on a publicly available speech command recognition dataset.	Pre-training in Deep Reinforcement Learning for Automatic Speech   Recognition  Deep reinforcement learning (deep RL) is a combination of deep learning with reinforcement learning principles to create efficient methods that can learn by interacting with its environment. This led to breakthroughs in many complex tasks that were previously difficult to solve.  However, deep RL requires a large amount of training time that makes it difficult to use in various real-life applications like human-computer interaction (HCI). Therefore, in this paper, we study pre-training in deep RL to reduce the training time and improve the performance in speech recognition, a popular application of HCI. We achieve significantly improved performance in less time on a publicly available speech command recognition dataset.	333
What is the Future of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DL + RL)?	Data Efficient Training for Reinforcement Learning with Adaptive   Behavior Policy Sharing  Deep Reinforcement Learning (RL) is proven powerful for decision making in simulated environments. However, training deep RL model is challenging in real world applications such as production-scale health-care or recommender systems because of the expensiveness of interaction and limitation of budget at deployment.  One aspect of the data inefficiency comes from the expensive hyper-parameter tuning when optimizing deep neural networks. We propose Adaptive Behavior Policy Sharing (ABPS), a data-efficient training algorithm that allows sharing of experience collected by behavior policy that is adaptively selected from a pool of agents trained with an ensemble of hyper-parameters.	Data Efficient Training for Reinforcement Learning with Adaptive   Behavior Policy Sharing  Deep Reinforcement Learning (RL) is proven powerful for decision making in simulated environments. However, training deep RL model is challenging in real world applications such as production-scale health-care or recommender systems because of the expensiveness of interaction and limitation of budget at deployment.  One aspect of the data inefficiency comes from the expensive hyper-parameter tuning when optimizing deep neural networks. We propose Adaptive Behavior Policy Sharing (ABPS), a data-efficient training algorithm that allows sharing of experience collected by behavior policy that is adaptively selected from a pool of agents trained with an ensemble of hyper-parameters.	351
What is the Future of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DL + RL)?	A Study of Reinforcement Learning for Neural Machine Translation  Recent studies have shown that reinforcement learning (RL) is an effective approach for improving the performance of neural machine translation (NMT) system. However, due to its instability, successfully RL training is challenging, especially in real-world systems where deep models and large datasets are leveraged.	A Study of Reinforcement Learning for Neural Machine Translation  Recent studies have shown that reinforcement learning (RL) is an effective approach for improving the performance of neural machine translation (NMT) system. However, due to its instability, successfully RL training is challenging, especially in real-world systems where deep models and large datasets are leveraged.	320
Is it possible to use reinforcement learning to solve any supervised or unsupervised problem?	Program Induction by Rationale Generation : Learning to Solve and   Explain Algebraic Word Problems  Solving algebraic word problems requires executing a series of arithmetic operations---a program---to obtain a final answer. However, since programs can be arbitrarily complicated, inducing them directly from question-answer pairs is a formidable challenge.  To make this task more feasible, we solve these problems by generating answer rationales, sequences of natural language and human-readable mathematical expressions that derive the final answer through a series of small steps. Although rationales do not explicitly specify programs, they provide a scaffolding for their structure via intermediate milestones. To evaluate our approach, we have created a new 100,000-sample dataset of questions, answers and rationales. Experimental results show that indirect supervision of program learning via answer rationales is a promising strategy for inducing arithmetic programs.	Program Induction by Rationale Generation : Learning to Solve and   Explain Algebraic Word Problems  Solving algebraic word problems requires executing a series of arithmetic operations---a program---to obtain a final answer. However, since programs can be arbitrarily complicated, inducing them directly from question-answer pairs is a formidable challenge.  To make this task more feasible, we solve these problems by generating answer rationales, sequences of natural language and human-readable mathematical expressions that derive the final answer through a series of small steps. Although rationales do not explicitly specify programs, they provide a scaffolding for their structure via intermediate milestones. To evaluate our approach, we have created a new 100,000-sample dataset of questions, answers and rationales. Experimental results show that indirect supervision of program learning via answer rationales is a promising strategy for inducing arithmetic programs.	286
Is it possible to use reinforcement learning to solve any supervised or unsupervised problem?	 However, establishing such property can be very difficult.   In this paper, we analyze the optimization landscape of the random over-complete tensor decomposition problem, which has many applications in unsupervised learning, especially in learning latent variable models. In practice, it can be efficiently solved by gradient ascent on a non-convex objective.  We show that for any small constant $\epsilon > 0$, among the set of points with function values $(1+\epsilon)$-factor larger than the expectation of the function, all the local maxima are approximate global maxima. Previously, the best-known result only characterizes the geometry in small neighborhoods around the true components.	 However, establishing such property can be very difficult.   In this paper, we analyze the optimization landscape of the random over-complete tensor decomposition problem, which has many applications in unsupervised learning, especially in learning latent variable models. In practice, it can be efficiently solved by gradient ascent on a non-convex objective.  We show that for any small constant $\epsilon > 0$, among the set of points with function values $(1+\epsilon)$-factor larger than the expectation of the function, all the local maxima are approximate global maxima. Previously, the best-known result only characterizes the geometry in small neighborhoods around the true components.	285
Is it possible to use reinforcement learning to solve any supervised or unsupervised problem?	 Unfortunately, it is difficult to adapt these methods to new tasks and/or forms of data, which often require different weak supervision regimes or models. We present a general-purpose method that can solve any weakly supervised learning problem irrespective of the weak supervision regime or the model.  The proposed method turns any off-the-shelf strongly supervised classifier into a weakly supervised classifier and allows the user to specify any arbitrary weakly supervision regime via a loss function. We apply the method to several different weak supervision regimes and demonstrate competitive results compared to methods specifically engineered for those settings.	 Unfortunately, it is difficult to adapt these methods to new tasks and/or forms of data, which often require different weak supervision regimes or models. We present a general-purpose method that can solve any weakly supervised learning problem irrespective of the weak supervision regime or the model.  The proposed method turns any off-the-shelf strongly supervised classifier into a weakly supervised classifier and allows the user to specify any arbitrary weakly supervision regime via a loss function. We apply the method to several different weak supervision regimes and demonstrate competitive results compared to methods specifically engineered for those settings.	272
Is it possible to use reinforcement learning to solve any supervised or unsupervised problem?	An Enhanced Features Extractor for a Portfolio of Constraint Solvers  Recent research has shown that a single arbitrarily efficient solver can be significantly outperformed by a portfolio of possibly slower on-average solvers. The solver selection is usually done by means of (un)supervised learning techniques which exploit features extracted from the problem specification.  In this paper we present an useful and flexible framework that is able to extract an extensive set of features from a Constraint (Satisfaction/Optimization) Problem defined in possibly different modeling languages: MiniZinc, FlatZinc or XCSP. We also report some empirical results showing that the performances that can be obtained using these features are effective and competitive with state of the art CSP portfolio techniques.	An Enhanced Features Extractor for a Portfolio of Constraint Solvers  Recent research has shown that a single arbitrarily efficient solver can be significantly outperformed by a portfolio of possibly slower on-average solvers. The solver selection is usually done by means of (un)supervised learning techniques which exploit features extracted from the problem specification.  In this paper we present an useful and flexible framework that is able to extract an extensive set of features from a Constraint (Satisfaction/Optimization) Problem defined in possibly different modeling languages: MiniZinc, FlatZinc or XCSP. We also report some empirical results showing that the performances that can be obtained using these features are effective and competitive with state of the art CSP portfolio techniques.	276
Is it possible to use reinforcement learning to solve any supervised or unsupervised problem?	Efficient Optimization of Loops and Limits with Randomized Telescoping   Sums  We consider optimization problems in which the objective requires an inner loop with many steps or is the limit of a sequence of increasingly costly approximations. Meta-learning, training recurrent neural networks, and optimization of the solutions to differential equations are all examples of optimization problems with this character.  In such problems, it can be expensive to compute the objective function value and its gradient, but truncating the loop or using less accurate approximations can induce biases that damage the overall solution. We propose randomized telescope (RT) gradient estimators, which represent the objective as the sum of a telescoping series and sample linear combinations of terms to provide cheap unbiased gradient estimates.	Efficient Optimization of Loops and Limits with Randomized Telescoping   Sums  We consider optimization problems in which the objective requires an inner loop with many steps or is the limit of a sequence of increasingly costly approximations. Meta-learning, training recurrent neural networks, and optimization of the solutions to differential equations are all examples of optimization problems with this character.  In such problems, it can be expensive to compute the objective function value and its gradient, but truncating the loop or using less accurate approximations can induce biases that damage the overall solution. We propose randomized telescope (RT) gradient estimators, which represent the objective as the sum of a telescoping series and sample linear combinations of terms to provide cheap unbiased gradient estimates.	275
What are some practical applications of reinforcement learning?	Reward-Conditioned Policies  Reinforcement learning offers the promise of automating the acquisition of complex behavioral skills. However, compared to commonly used and well-understood supervised learning methods, reinforcement learning algorithms can be brittle, difficult to use and tune, and sensitive to seemingly innocuous implementation decisions.  In contrast, imitation learning utilizes standard and well-understood supervised learning methods, but requires near-optimal expert data. Can we learn effective policies via supervised learning without demonstrations? The main idea that we explore in this work is that non-expert trajectories collected from sub-optimal policies can be viewed as optimal supervision, not for maximizing the reward, but for matching the reward of the given trajectory.	Reward-Conditioned Policies  Reinforcement learning offers the promise of automating the acquisition of complex behavioral skills. However, compared to commonly used and well-understood supervised learning methods, reinforcement learning algorithms can be brittle, difficult to use and tune, and sensitive to seemingly innocuous implementation decisions.  In contrast, imitation learning utilizes standard and well-understood supervised learning methods, but requires near-optimal expert data. Can we learn effective policies via supervised learning without demonstrations? The main idea that we explore in this work is that non-expert trajectories collected from sub-optimal policies can be viewed as optimal supervision, not for maximizing the reward, but for matching the reward of the given trajectory.	305
What are some practical applications of reinforcement learning?	 However, there are many practical challenges to implement deep reinforcement learning in online systems, including low sample efficiency, uncontrollable risks, and excessive variances. To address these issues, we propose a novel reinforcement learning method, namely model-based counterfactual advantage learning (MBCAL).  The proposed method takes advantage of the characteristics of recommender systems and draws ideas from the model-based reinforcement learning method for higher sample efficiency. It has two components: an environment model that predicts the instant user behavior one-by-one in an auto-regressive form, and a future advantage model that predicts the future utility.	 However, there are many practical challenges to implement deep reinforcement learning in online systems, including low sample efficiency, uncontrollable risks, and excessive variances. To address these issues, we propose a novel reinforcement learning method, namely model-based counterfactual advantage learning (MBCAL).  The proposed method takes advantage of the characteristics of recommender systems and draws ideas from the model-based reinforcement learning method for higher sample efficiency. It has two components: an environment model that predicts the instant user behavior one-by-one in an auto-regressive form, and a future advantage model that predicts the future utility.	305
What are some practical applications of reinforcement learning?	Attention-based Deep Reinforcement Learning for Multi-view Environments  In reinforcement learning algorithms, it is a common practice to account for only a single view of the environment to make the desired decisions; however, utilizing multiple views of the environment can help to promote the learning of complicated policies.  Since the views may frequently suffer from partial observability, their provided observation can have different levels of importance. In this paper, we present a novel attention-based deep reinforcement learning method in a multi-view environment in which each view can provide various representative information about the environment. Specifically, our method learns a policy to dynamically attend to views of the environment based on their importance in the decision-making process. We evaluate the performance of our method on TORCS racing car simulator and three other complex 3D environments with obstacles.	Attention-based Deep Reinforcement Learning for Multi-view Environments  In reinforcement learning algorithms, it is a common practice to account for only a single view of the environment to make the desired decisions; however, utilizing multiple views of the environment can help to promote the learning of complicated policies.  Since the views may frequently suffer from partial observability, their provided observation can have different levels of importance. In this paper, we present a novel attention-based deep reinforcement learning method in a multi-view environment in which each view can provide various representative information about the environment. Specifically, our method learns a policy to dynamically attend to views of the environment based on their importance in the decision-making process. We evaluate the performance of our method on TORCS racing car simulator and three other complex 3D environments with obstacles.	293
What are some practical applications of reinforcement learning?	Learning Diverse Features with Part-Level Resolution for Person   Re-Identification  Learning diverse features is key to the success of person re-identification. Various part-based methods have been extensively proposed for learning local representations, which, however, are still inferior to the best-performing methods for person re-identification.  This paper proposes to construct a strong lightweight network architecture, termed PLR-OSNet, based on the idea of Part-Level feature Resolution over the Omni-Scale Network (OSNet) for achieving feature diversity. The proposed PLR-OSNet has two branches, one branch for global feature representation and the other branch for local feature representation.	Learning Diverse Features with Part-Level Resolution for Person   Re-Identification  Learning diverse features is key to the success of person re-identification. Various part-based methods have been extensively proposed for learning local representations, which, however, are still inferior to the best-performing methods for person re-identification.  This paper proposes to construct a strong lightweight network architecture, termed PLR-OSNet, based on the idea of Part-Level feature Resolution over the Omni-Scale Network (OSNet) for achieving feature diversity. The proposed PLR-OSNet has two branches, one branch for global feature representation and the other branch for local feature representation.	314
What are some practical applications of reinforcement learning?	Learning In Practice: Reasoning About Quantization  There is a mismatch between the standard theoretical analyses of statistical machine learning and how learning is used in practice. The foundational assumption supporting the theory is that we can represent features and models using real-valued parameters.  In practice, however, we do not use real numbers at any point during training or deployment. Instead, we rely on discrete and finite quantizations of the reals, typically floating points. In this paper, we propose a framework for reasoning about learning under arbitrary quantizations. Using this formalization, we prove the convergence of quantization-aware versions of the Perceptron and Frank-Wolfe algorithms. Finally, we report the results of an extensive empirical study of the impact of quantization using a broad spectrum of datasets.	Learning In Practice: Reasoning About Quantization  There is a mismatch between the standard theoretical analyses of statistical machine learning and how learning is used in practice. The foundational assumption supporting the theory is that we can represent features and models using real-valued parameters.  In practice, however, we do not use real numbers at any point during training or deployment. Instead, we rely on discrete and finite quantizations of the reals, typically floating points. In this paper, we propose a framework for reasoning about learning under arbitrary quantizations. Using this formalization, we prove the convergence of quantization-aware versions of the Perceptron and Frank-Wolfe algorithms. Finally, we report the results of an extensive empirical study of the impact of quantization using a broad spectrum of datasets.	312
What is the difference between Q-learning and R-learning?	Diagnosing Bottlenecks in Deep Q-learning Algorithms  Q-learning methods represent a commonly used class of algorithms in reinforcement learning: they are generally efficient and simple, and can be combined readily with function approximators for deep reinforcement learning (RL). However, the behavior of Q-learning methods with function approximation is poorly understood, both theoretically and empirically.  In this work, we aim to experimentally investigate potential issues in Q-learning, by means of a "unit testing" framework where we can utilize oracles to disentangle sources of error. Specifically, we investigate questions related to function approximation, sampling error and nonstationarity, and where available, verify if trends found in oracle settings hold true with modern deep RL methods.	Diagnosing Bottlenecks in Deep Q-learning Algorithms  Q-learning methods represent a commonly used class of algorithms in reinforcement learning: they are generally efficient and simple, and can be combined readily with function approximators for deep reinforcement learning (RL). However, the behavior of Q-learning methods with function approximation is poorly understood, both theoretically and empirically.  In this work, we aim to experimentally investigate potential issues in Q-learning, by means of a "unit testing" framework where we can utilize oracles to disentangle sources of error. Specifically, we investigate questions related to function approximation, sampling error and nonstationarity, and where available, verify if trends found in oracle settings hold true with modern deep RL methods.	348
What is the difference between Q-learning and R-learning?	Quantum reinforcement learning  The key approaches for machine learning, especially learning in unknown probabilistic environments are new representations and computation mechanisms. In this paper, a novel quantum reinforcement learning (QRL) method is proposed by combining quantum theory and reinforcement learning (RL).  Inspired by the state superposition principle and quantum parallelism, a framework of value updating algorithm is introduced. The state (action) in traditional RL is identified as the eigen state (eigen action) in QRL. The state (action) set can be represented with a quantum superposition state and the eigen state (eigen action) can be obtained by randomly observing the simulated quantum state according to the collapse postulate of quantum measurement.	Quantum reinforcement learning  The key approaches for machine learning, especially learning in unknown probabilistic environments are new representations and computation mechanisms. In this paper, a novel quantum reinforcement learning (QRL) method is proposed by combining quantum theory and reinforcement learning (RL).  Inspired by the state superposition principle and quantum parallelism, a framework of value updating algorithm is introduced. The state (action) in traditional RL is identified as the eigen state (eigen action) in QRL. The state (action) set can be represented with a quantum superposition state and the eigen state (eigen action) can be obtained by randomly observing the simulated quantum state according to the collapse postulate of quantum measurement.	347
What is the difference between Q-learning and R-learning?	 In literature, a successive over-relaxation based value iteration scheme is proposed to speed-up the computation of the optimal value function. The speed-up is achieved by constructing a modified Bellman equation that ensures faster convergence to the optimal value function. However, in many practical applications, the model information is not known and we resort to Reinforcement Learning (RL) algorithms to obtain optimal policy and value function.  One such popular algorithm is Q-learning. In this paper, we propose Successive Over-Relaxation (SOR) Q-learning. We first derive a modified fixed point iteration for SOR Q-values and utilize stochastic approximation to derive a learning algorithm to compute the optimal value function and an optimal policy. We then prove the almost sure convergence of the SOR Q-learning to SOR Q-values. Finally, through numerical experiments, we show that SOR Q-learning is faster compared to the standard Q-learning algorithm.	 One such popular algorithm is Q-learning. In this paper, we propose Successive Over-Relaxation (SOR) Q-learning. We first derive a modified fixed point iteration for SOR Q-values and utilize stochastic approximation to derive a learning algorithm to compute the optimal value function and an optimal policy. We then prove the almost sure convergence of the SOR Q-learning to SOR Q-values. Finally, through numerical experiments, we show that SOR Q-learning is faster compared to the standard Q-learning algorithm.	343
What is the difference between Q-learning and R-learning?	Temporal Difference Models: Model-Free Deep RL for Model-Based Control  Model-free reinforcement learning (RL) is a powerful, general tool for learning complex behaviors. However, its sample efficiency is often impractically large for solving challenging real-world problems, even with off-policy algorithms such as Q-learning.  A limiting factor in classic model-free RL is that the learning signal consists only of scalar rewards, ignoring much of the rich information contained in state transition tuples. Model-based RL uses this information, by training a predictive model, but often does not achieve the same asymptotic performance as model-free RL due to model bias.	Temporal Difference Models: Model-Free Deep RL for Model-Based Control  Model-free reinforcement learning (RL) is a powerful, general tool for learning complex behaviors. However, its sample efficiency is often impractically large for solving challenging real-world problems, even with off-policy algorithms such as Q-learning.  A limiting factor in classic model-free RL is that the learning signal consists only of scalar rewards, ignoring much of the rich information contained in state transition tuples. Model-based RL uses this information, by training a predictive model, but often does not achieve the same asymptotic performance as model-free RL due to model bias.	355
What is the difference between Q-learning and R-learning?	Target Transfer Q-Learning and Its Convergence Analysis  Q-learning is one of the most popular methods in Reinforcement Learning (RL). Transfer Learning aims to utilize the learned knowledge from source tasks to help new tasks to improve the sample complexity of the new tasks. Considering that data collection in RL is both more time and cost consuming and Q-learning converges slowly comparing to supervised learning, different kinds of transfer RL algorithms are designed.  However, most of them are heuristic with no theoretical guarantee of the convergence rate. Therefore, it is important for us to clearly understand when and how will transfer learning help RL method and provide the theoretical guarantee for the improvement of the sample complexity. In this paper, we propose to transfer the Q-function learned in the source task to the target of the Q-learning in the new task when certain safe conditions are satisfied.	Target Transfer Q-Learning and Its Convergence Analysis  Q-learning is one of the most popular methods in Reinforcement Learning (RL). Transfer Learning aims to utilize the learned knowledge from source tasks to help new tasks to improve the sample complexity of the new tasks. Considering that data collection in RL is both more time and cost consuming and Q-learning converges slowly comparing to supervised learning, different kinds of transfer RL algorithms are designed.  However, most of them are heuristic with no theoretical guarantee of the convergence rate. Therefore, it is important for us to clearly understand when and how will transfer learning help RL method and provide the theoretical guarantee for the improvement of the sample complexity. In this paper, we propose to transfer the Q-function learned in the source task to the target of the Q-learning in the new task when certain safe conditions are satisfied.	353
In what way can Q-learning and neural networks work together?	Hierarchical Conflict Propagation: Sequence Learning in a Recurrent Deep   Neural Network  Recurrent neural networks (RNN) are capable of learning to encode and exploit activation history over an arbitrary timescale. However, in practice, state of the art gradient descent based training methods are known to suffer from difficulties in learning long term dependencies.  Here, we describe a novel training method that involves concurrent parallel cloned networks, each sharing the same weights, each trained at different stimulus phase and each maintaining independent activation histories. Training proceeds by recursively performing batch-updates over the parallel clones as activation history is progressively increased.	Hierarchical Conflict Propagation: Sequence Learning in a Recurrent Deep   Neural Network  Recurrent neural networks (RNN) are capable of learning to encode and exploit activation history over an arbitrary timescale. However, in practice, state of the art gradient descent based training methods are known to suffer from difficulties in learning long term dependencies.  Here, we describe a novel training method that involves concurrent parallel cloned networks, each sharing the same weights, each trained at different stimulus phase and each maintaining independent activation histories. Training proceeds by recursively performing batch-updates over the parallel clones as activation history is progressively increased.	344
In what way can Q-learning and neural networks work together?	Using Deep Q-Learning to Control Optimization Hyperparameters  We present a novel definition of the reinforcement learning state, actions and reward function that allows a deep Q-network (DQN) to learn to control an optimization hyperparameter. Using Q-learning with experience replay, we train two DQNs to accept a state representation of an objective function as input and output the expected discounted return of rewards, or q-values, connected to the actions of either adjusting the learning rate or leaving it unchanged.	Using Deep Q-Learning to Control Optimization Hyperparameters  We present a novel definition of the reinforcement learning state, actions and reward function that allows a deep Q-network (DQN) to learn to control an optimization hyperparameter. Using Q-learning with experience replay, we train two DQNs to accept a state representation of an objective function as input and output the expected discounted return of rewards, or q-values, connected to the actions of either adjusting the learning rate or leaving it unchanged.	322
In what way can Q-learning and neural networks work together?	Efficient Learning for Deep Quantum Neural Networks  Neural networks enjoy widespread success in both research and industry and, with the imminent advent of quantum technology, it is now a crucial challenge to design quantum neural networks for fully quantum learning tasks. Here we propose the use of quantum neurons as a building block for quantum feed-forward neural networks capable of universal quantum computation.  We describe the efficient training of these networks using the fidelity as a cost function and provide both classical and efficient quantum implementations. Our method allows for fast optimisation with reduced memory requirements: the number of qudits required scales with only the width, allowing the optimisation of deep networks. We benchmark our proposal for the quantum task of learning an unknown unitary and find remarkable generalisation behaviour and a striking robustness to noisy training data.	Efficient Learning for Deep Quantum Neural Networks  Neural networks enjoy widespread success in both research and industry and, with the imminent advent of quantum technology, it is now a crucial challenge to design quantum neural networks for fully quantum learning tasks. Here we propose the use of quantum neurons as a building block for quantum feed-forward neural networks capable of universal quantum computation.  We describe the efficient training of these networks using the fidelity as a cost function and provide both classical and efficient quantum implementations. Our method allows for fast optimisation with reduced memory requirements: the number of qudits required scales with only the width, allowing the optimisation of deep networks. We benchmark our proposal for the quantum task of learning an unknown unitary and find remarkable generalisation behaviour and a striking robustness to noisy training data.	336
In what way can Q-learning and neural networks work together?	 By embracing deep neural networks, we are able to demonstrate end-to-end learning of protocols in complex environments inspired by communication riddles and multi-agent computer vision problems with partial observability. We propose two approaches for learning in these domains: Reinforced Inter-Agent Learning (RIAL) and Differentiable Inter-Agent Learning (DIAL).  The former uses deep Q-learning, while the latter exploits the fact that, during learning, agents can backpropagate error derivatives through (noisy) communication channels. Hence, this approach uses centralised learning but decentralised execution. Our experiments introduce new environments for studying the learning of communication protocols and present a set of engineering innovations that are essential for success in these domains.	 The former uses deep Q-learning, while the latter exploits the fact that, during learning, agents can backpropagate error derivatives through (noisy) communication channels. Hence, this approach uses centralised learning but decentralised execution. Our experiments introduce new environments for studying the learning of communication protocols and present a set of engineering innovations that are essential for success in these domains.	338
In what way can Q-learning and neural networks work together?	Deep Recurrent Q-Learning for Partially Observable MDPs  Deep Reinforcement Learning has yielded proficient controllers for complex tasks. However, these controllers have limited memory and rely on being able to perceive the complete game screen at each decision point. To address these shortcomings, this article investigates the effects of adding recurrency to a Deep Q-Network (DQN) by replacing the first post-convolutional fully-connected layer with a recurrent LSTM.  The resulting \textit{Deep Recurrent Q-Network} (DRQN), although capable of seeing only a single frame at each timestep, successfully integrates information through time and replicates DQN's performance on standard Atari games and partially observed equivalents featuring flickering game screens. Additionally, when trained with partial observations and evaluated with incrementally more complete observations, DRQN's performance scales as a function of observability.	Deep Recurrent Q-Learning for Partially Observable MDPs  Deep Reinforcement Learning has yielded proficient controllers for complex tasks. However, these controllers have limited memory and rely on being able to perceive the complete game screen at each decision point. To address these shortcomings, this article investigates the effects of adding recurrency to a Deep Q-Network (DQN) by replacing the first post-convolutional fully-connected layer with a recurrent LSTM.  The resulting \textit{Deep Recurrent Q-Network} (DRQN), although capable of seeing only a single frame at each timestep, successfully integrates information through time and replicates DQN's performance on standard Atari games and partially observed equivalents featuring flickering game screens. Additionally, when trained with partial observations and evaluated with incrementally more complete observations, DRQN's performance scales as a function of observability.	349
Why is unsupervised learning important?	Towards Biologically Plausible Deep Learning  Neuroscientists have long criticised deep learning algorithms as incompatible with current knowledge of neurobiology. We explore more biologically plausible versions of deep representation learning, focusing here mostly on unsupervised learning but developing a learning mechanism that could account for supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning.  The starting point is that the basic learning rule believed to govern synaptic weight updates (Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity) arises out of a simple update rule that makes a lot of sense from a machine learning point of view and can be interpreted as gradient descent on some objective function so long as the neuronal dynamics push firing rates towards better values of the objective function (be it supervised, unsupervised, or reward-driven).	Towards Biologically Plausible Deep Learning  Neuroscientists have long criticised deep learning algorithms as incompatible with current knowledge of neurobiology. We explore more biologically plausible versions of deep representation learning, focusing here mostly on unsupervised learning but developing a learning mechanism that could account for supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning.  The starting point is that the basic learning rule believed to govern synaptic weight updates (Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity) arises out of a simple update rule that makes a lot of sense from a machine learning point of view and can be interpreted as gradient descent on some objective function so long as the neuronal dynamics push firing rates towards better values of the objective function (be it supervised, unsupervised, or reward-driven).	405
Why is unsupervised learning important?	Learning Representations of Ultrahigh-dimensional Data for Random   Distance-based Outlier Detection  Learning expressive low-dimensional representations of ultrahigh-dimensional data, e.g., data with thousands/millions of features, has been a major way to enable learning methods to address the curse of dimensionality.  However, existing unsupervised representation learning methods mainly focus on preserving the data regularity information and learning the representations independently of subsequent outlier detection methods, which can result in suboptimal and unstable performance of detecting irregularities (i.e., outliers).    This paper introduces a ranking model-based framework, called RAMODO, to address this issue. RAMODO unifies representation learning and outlier detection to learn low-dimensional representations that are tailored for a state-of-the-art outlier detection approach - the random distance-based approach.	 However, existing unsupervised representation learning methods mainly focus on preserving the data regularity information and learning the representations independently of subsequent outlier detection methods, which can result in suboptimal and unstable performance of detecting irregularities (i.e., outliers).	391
Why is unsupervised learning important?	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition.  To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition.  To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	397
Why is unsupervised learning important?	The implicit fairness criterion of unconstrained learning  We clarify what fairness guarantees we can and cannot expect to follow from unconstrained machine learning. Specifically, we characterize when unconstrained learning on its own implies group calibration, that is, the outcome variable is conditionally independent of group membership given the score.  We show that under reasonable conditions, the deviation from satisfying group calibration is upper bounded by the excess risk of the learned score relative to the Bayes optimal score function. A lower bound confirms the optimality of our upper bound. Moreover, we prove that as the excess risk of the learned score decreases, it strongly violates separation and independence, two other standard fairness criteria.	The implicit fairness criterion of unconstrained learning  We clarify what fairness guarantees we can and cannot expect to follow from unconstrained machine learning. Specifically, we characterize when unconstrained learning on its own implies group calibration, that is, the outcome variable is conditionally independent of group membership given the score.  We show that under reasonable conditions, the deviation from satisfying group calibration is upper bounded by the excess risk of the learned score relative to the Bayes optimal score function. A lower bound confirms the optimality of our upper bound. Moreover, we prove that as the excess risk of the learned score decreases, it strongly violates separation and independence, two other standard fairness criteria.	418
Why is unsupervised learning important?	The Journey is the Reward: Unsupervised Learning of Influential   Trajectories  Unsupervised exploration and representation learning become increasingly important when learning in diverse and sparse environments. The information-theoretic principle of empowerment formalizes an unsupervised exploration objective through an agent trying to maximize its influence on the future states of its environment.  Previous approaches carry certain limitations in that they either do not employ closed-loop feedback or do not have an internal state. As a consequence, a privileged final state is taken as an influence measure, rather than the full trajectory. We provide a model-free method which takes into account the whole trajectory while still offering the benefits of option-based approaches. We successfully apply our approach to settings with large action spaces, where discovery of meaningful action sequences is particularly difficult.	The Journey is the Reward: Unsupervised Learning of Influential   Trajectories  Unsupervised exploration and representation learning become increasingly important when learning in diverse and sparse environments. The information-theoretic principle of empowerment formalizes an unsupervised exploration objective through an agent trying to maximize its influence on the future states of its environment.  Previous approaches carry certain limitations in that they either do not employ closed-loop feedback or do not have an internal state. As a consequence, a privileged final state is taken as an influence measure, rather than the full trajectory. We provide a model-free method which takes into account the whole trajectory while still offering the benefits of option-based approaches. We successfully apply our approach to settings with large action spaces, where discovery of meaningful action sequences is particularly difficult.	385
What is the future of deep unsupervised learning?	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition.  To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition.  To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	388
What is the future of deep unsupervised learning?	Learning credit assignment  Deep learning has achieved impressive prediction accuracies in a variety of scientific and industrial domains. However, the nested non-linear feature of deep learning makes the learning highly non-transparent, i.e., it is still unknown how the learning coordinates a huge number of parameters to achieve a decision making.  To explain this hierarchical credit assignment, we propose a mean-field learning model by assuming that an ensemble of sub-networks, rather than a single network, are trained for a classification task. Surprisingly, our model reveals that apart from some deterministic synaptic weights connecting two neurons at neighboring layers, there exist a large number of connections that can be absent, and other connections can allow for a broad distribution of their weight values.	Learning credit assignment  Deep learning has achieved impressive prediction accuracies in a variety of scientific and industrial domains. However, the nested non-linear feature of deep learning makes the learning highly non-transparent, i.e., it is still unknown how the learning coordinates a huge number of parameters to achieve a decision making.  To explain this hierarchical credit assignment, we propose a mean-field learning model by assuming that an ensemble of sub-networks, rather than a single network, are trained for a classification task. Surprisingly, our model reveals that apart from some deterministic synaptic weights connecting two neurons at neighboring layers, there exist a large number of connections that can be absent, and other connections can allow for a broad distribution of their weight values.	400
What is the future of deep unsupervised learning?	 The focus of the second part is on the more recent work, which is based on deep learning. Deep learning techniques, coupled with the availability of large training datasets, have now revolutionized the field of computer vision, including RGB-D object detection, achieving an unprecedented level of performance. We survey the key contributions, summarize the most commonly used pipelines, discuss their benefits and limitations, and highlight some important directions for future research.	 The focus of the second part is on the more recent work, which is based on deep learning. Deep learning techniques, coupled with the availability of large training datasets, have now revolutionized the field of computer vision, including RGB-D object detection, achieving an unprecedented level of performance. We survey the key contributions, summarize the most commonly used pipelines, discuss their benefits and limitations, and highlight some important directions for future research.	405
What is the future of deep unsupervised learning?	 Due to the tremendous successes of deep learning based image classification, object detection techniques using deep learning have been actively studied in recent years. In this paper, we give a comprehensive survey of recent advances in visual object detection with deep learning. By reviewing a large body of recent related work in literature, we systematically analyze the existing object detection frameworks and organize the survey into three major parts: (i) detection components, (ii) learning strategies, and (iii) applications & benchmarks.  In the survey, we cover a variety of factors affecting the detection performance in detail, such as detector architectures, feature learning, proposal generation, sampling strategies, etc. Finally, we discuss several future directions to facilitate and spur future research for visual object detection with deep learning. Keywords: Object Detection, Deep Learning, Deep Convolutional Neural Networks	 In the survey, we cover a variety of factors affecting the detection performance in detail, such as detector architectures, feature learning, proposal generation, sampling strategies, etc. Finally, we discuss several future directions to facilitate and spur future research for visual object detection with deep learning. Keywords: Object Detection, Deep Learning, Deep Convolutional Neural Networks	400
What is the future of deep unsupervised learning?	Statistical-mechanical analysis of pre-training and fine tuning in deep   learning  In this paper, we present a statistical-mechanical analysis of deep learning. We elucidate some of the essential components of deep learning---pre-training by unsupervised learning and fine tuning by supervised learning.  We formulate the extraction of features from the training data as a margin criterion in a high-dimensional feature-vector space. The self-organized classifier is then supplied with small amounts of labelled data, as in deep learning. Although we employ a simple single-layer perceptron model, rather than directly analyzing a multi-layer neural network, we find a nontrivial phase transition that is dependent on the number of unlabelled data in the generalization error of the resultant classifier.	Statistical-mechanical analysis of pre-training and fine tuning in deep   learning  In this paper, we present a statistical-mechanical analysis of deep learning. We elucidate some of the essential components of deep learning---pre-training by unsupervised learning and fine tuning by supervised learning.  We formulate the extraction of features from the training data as a margin criterion in a high-dimensional feature-vector space. The self-organized classifier is then supplied with small amounts of labelled data, as in deep learning. Although we employ a simple single-layer perceptron model, rather than directly analyzing a multi-layer neural network, we find a nontrivial phase transition that is dependent on the number of unlabelled data in the generalization error of the resultant classifier.	393
What are some issues with Unsupervised Learning?	Unsupervised learning of object semantic parts from internal states of   CNNs by population encoding  We address the key question of how object part representations can be found from the internal states of CNNs that are trained for high-level tasks, such as object classification. This work provides a new unsupervised method to learn semantic parts and gives new understanding of the internal representations of CNNs.  Our technique is based on the hypothesis that semantic parts are represented by populations of neurons rather than by single filters. We propose a clustering technique to extract part representations, which we call Visual Concepts. We show that visual concepts are semantically coherent in that they represent semantic parts, and visually coherent in that corresponding image patches appear very similar.	Unsupervised learning of object semantic parts from internal states of   CNNs by population encoding  We address the key question of how object part representations can be found from the internal states of CNNs that are trained for high-level tasks, such as object classification. This work provides a new unsupervised method to learn semantic parts and gives new understanding of the internal representations of CNNs.  Our technique is based on the hypothesis that semantic parts are represented by populations of neurons rather than by single filters. We propose a clustering technique to extract part representations, which we call Visual Concepts. We show that visual concepts are semantically coherent in that they represent semantic parts, and visually coherent in that corresponding image patches appear very similar.	363
What are some issues with Unsupervised Learning?	The Journey is the Reward: Unsupervised Learning of Influential   Trajectories  Unsupervised exploration and representation learning become increasingly important when learning in diverse and sparse environments. The information-theoretic principle of empowerment formalizes an unsupervised exploration objective through an agent trying to maximize its influence on the future states of its environment.  Previous approaches carry certain limitations in that they either do not employ closed-loop feedback or do not have an internal state. As a consequence, a privileged final state is taken as an influence measure, rather than the full trajectory. We provide a model-free method which takes into account the whole trajectory while still offering the benefits of option-based approaches. We successfully apply our approach to settings with large action spaces, where discovery of meaningful action sequences is particularly difficult.	The Journey is the Reward: Unsupervised Learning of Influential   Trajectories  Unsupervised exploration and representation learning become increasingly important when learning in diverse and sparse environments. The information-theoretic principle of empowerment formalizes an unsupervised exploration objective through an agent trying to maximize its influence on the future states of its environment.  Previous approaches carry certain limitations in that they either do not employ closed-loop feedback or do not have an internal state. As a consequence, a privileged final state is taken as an influence measure, rather than the full trajectory. We provide a model-free method which takes into account the whole trajectory while still offering the benefits of option-based approaches. We successfully apply our approach to settings with large action spaces, where discovery of meaningful action sequences is particularly difficult.	344
What are some issues with Unsupervised Learning?	 In this work, we propose an approach (CURL) to tackle a more general problem that we will refer to as unsupervised continual learning. The focus is on learning representations without any knowledge about task identity, and we explore scenarios when there are abrupt changes between tasks, smooth transitions from one task to another, or even when the data is shuffled.  The proposed approach performs task inference directly within the model, is able to dynamically expand to capture new concepts over its lifetime, and incorporates additional rehearsal-based techniques to deal with catastrophic forgetting. We demonstrate the efficacy of CURL in an unsupervised learning setting with MNIST and Omniglot, where the lack of labels ensures no information is leaked about the task. Further, we demonstrate strong performance compared to prior art in an i.i.d setting, or when adapting the technique to supervised tasks such as incremental class learning.	 In this work, we propose an approach (CURL) to tackle a more general problem that we will refer to as unsupervised continual learning. The focus is on learning representations without any knowledge about task identity, and we explore scenarios when there are abrupt changes between tasks, smooth transitions from one task to another, or even when the data is shuffled.  The proposed approach performs task inference directly within the model, is able to dynamically expand to capture new concepts over its lifetime, and incorporates additional rehearsal-based techniques to deal with catastrophic forgetting. We demonstrate the efficacy of CURL in an unsupervised learning setting with MNIST and Omniglot, where the lack of labels ensures no information is leaked about the task. Further, we demonstrate strong performance compared to prior art in an i.i.d setting, or when adapting the technique to supervised tasks such as incremental class learning.	367
What are some issues with Unsupervised Learning?	Learning finite-dimensional coding schemes with nonlinear reconstruction   maps  This paper generalizes the Maurer--Pontil framework of finite-dimensional lossy coding schemes to the setting where a high-dimensional random vector is mapped to an element of a compact set of latent representations in a lower-dimensional Euclidean space, and the reconstruction map belongs to a given class of nonlinear maps.  Under this setup, which encompasses a broad class of unsupervised representation learning problems, we establish a connection to approximate generative modeling under structural constraints using the tools from the theory of optimal transportation. Next, we consider problem of learning a coding scheme on the basis of a finite collection of training samples and present generalization bounds that hold with high probability. We then illustrate the general theory in the setting where the reconstruction maps are implemented by deep neural nets.	 Under this setup, which encompasses a broad class of unsupervised representation learning problems, we establish a connection to approximate generative modeling under structural constraints using the tools from the theory of optimal transportation. Next, we consider problem of learning a coding scheme on the basis of a finite collection of training samples and present generalization bounds that hold with high probability. We then illustrate the general theory in the setting where the reconstruction maps are implemented by deep neural nets.	356
What are some issues with Unsupervised Learning?	Unsupervised Learning of Predictors from Unpaired Input-Output Samples  Unsupervised learning is the most challenging problem in machine learning and especially in deep learning. Among many scenarios, we study an unsupervised learning problem of high economic value --- learning to predict without costly pairing of input data and corresponding labels.  Part of the difficulty in this problem is a lack of solid evaluation measures. In this paper, we take a practical approach to grounding unsupervised learning by using the same success criterion as for supervised learning in prediction tasks but we do not require the presence of paired input-output training data.	Unsupervised Learning of Predictors from Unpaired Input-Output Samples  Unsupervised learning is the most challenging problem in machine learning and especially in deep learning. Among many scenarios, we study an unsupervised learning problem of high economic value --- learning to predict without costly pairing of input data and corresponding labels.  Part of the difficulty in this problem is a lack of solid evaluation measures. In this paper, we take a practical approach to grounding unsupervised learning by using the same success criterion as for supervised learning in prediction tasks but we do not require the presence of paired input-output training data.	366
What is unsupervised learning with example?	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition.  To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition.  To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	347
What is unsupervised learning with example?	The Journey is the Reward: Unsupervised Learning of Influential   Trajectories  Unsupervised exploration and representation learning become increasingly important when learning in diverse and sparse environments. The information-theoretic principle of empowerment formalizes an unsupervised exploration objective through an agent trying to maximize its influence on the future states of its environment.  Previous approaches carry certain limitations in that they either do not employ closed-loop feedback or do not have an internal state. As a consequence, a privileged final state is taken as an influence measure, rather than the full trajectory. We provide a model-free method which takes into account the whole trajectory while still offering the benefits of option-based approaches. We successfully apply our approach to settings with large action spaces, where discovery of meaningful action sequences is particularly difficult.	The Journey is the Reward: Unsupervised Learning of Influential   Trajectories  Unsupervised exploration and representation learning become increasingly important when learning in diverse and sparse environments. The information-theoretic principle of empowerment formalizes an unsupervised exploration objective through an agent trying to maximize its influence on the future states of its environment.  Previous approaches carry certain limitations in that they either do not employ closed-loop feedback or do not have an internal state. As a consequence, a privileged final state is taken as an influence measure, rather than the full trajectory. We provide a model-free method which takes into account the whole trajectory while still offering the benefits of option-based approaches. We successfully apply our approach to settings with large action spaces, where discovery of meaningful action sequences is particularly difficult.	338
What is unsupervised learning with example?	Reinforcement Learning with Convex Constraints  In standard reinforcement learning (RL), a learning agent seeks to optimize the overall reward. However, many key aspects of a desired behavior are more naturally expressed as constraints. For instance, the designer may want to limit the use of unsafe actions, increase the diversity of trajectories to enable exploration, or approximate expert trajectories when rewards are sparse.  In this paper, we propose an algorithmic scheme that can handle a wide class of constraints in RL tasks: specifically, any constraints that require expected values of some vector measurements (such as the use of an action) to lie in a convex set. This captures previously studied constraints (such as safety and proximity to an expert), but also enables new classes of constraints (such as diversity).	Reinforcement Learning with Convex Constraints  In standard reinforcement learning (RL), a learning agent seeks to optimize the overall reward. However, many key aspects of a desired behavior are more naturally expressed as constraints. For instance, the designer may want to limit the use of unsafe actions, increase the diversity of trajectories to enable exploration, or approximate expert trajectories when rewards are sparse.  In this paper, we propose an algorithmic scheme that can handle a wide class of constraints in RL tasks: specifically, any constraints that require expected values of some vector measurements (such as the use of an action) to lie in a convex set. This captures previously studied constraints (such as safety and proximity to an expert), but also enables new classes of constraints (such as diversity).	346
What is unsupervised learning with example?	Unsupervised Learning via Meta-Learning  A central goal of unsupervised learning is to acquire representations from unlabeled data or experience that can be used for more effective learning of downstream tasks from modest amounts of labeled data. Many prior unsupervised learning works aim to do so by developing proxy objectives based on reconstruction, disentanglement, prediction, and other metrics.  Instead, we develop an unsupervised meta-learning method that explicitly optimizes for the ability to learn a variety of tasks from small amounts of data. To do so, we construct tasks from unlabeled data in an automatic way and run meta-learning over the constructed tasks. Surprisingly, we find that, when integrated with meta-learning, relatively simple task construction mechanisms, such as clustering embeddings, lead to good performance on a variety of downstream, human-specified tasks.	Unsupervised Learning via Meta-Learning  A central goal of unsupervised learning is to acquire representations from unlabeled data or experience that can be used for more effective learning of downstream tasks from modest amounts of labeled data. Many prior unsupervised learning works aim to do so by developing proxy objectives based on reconstruction, disentanglement, prediction, and other metrics.  Instead, we develop an unsupervised meta-learning method that explicitly optimizes for the ability to learn a variety of tasks from small amounts of data. To do so, we construct tasks from unlabeled data in an automatic way and run meta-learning over the constructed tasks. Surprisingly, we find that, when integrated with meta-learning, relatively simple task construction mechanisms, such as clustering embeddings, lead to good performance on a variety of downstream, human-specified tasks.	339
What is unsupervised learning with example?	 In this work, we propose a principled and model-agnostic approach to mitigate the issue of unstable learning dynamics by maintaining a history of a reinforcement learning agent over the course of training, and reverting to the parameters of a previous agent whenever performance significantly decreases.  We develop techniques for evaluating this performance through statistical hypothesis testing of continued improvement, and evaluate them on a standard suite of challenging benchmark tasks involving continuous control of simulated robots. We show improvements over state-of-the-art reinforcement learning algorithms in performance and robustness to hyperparameters, outperforming DDPG in 5 out of 6 evaluation environments and showing no decrease in performance with TD3, which is known to be relatively stable. In this way, our approach takes an important step towards increasing data efficiency and stability in training for real-world robotic applications.	 In this work, we propose a principled and model-agnostic approach to mitigate the issue of unstable learning dynamics by maintaining a history of a reinforcement learning agent over the course of training, and reverting to the parameters of a previous agent whenever performance significantly decreases.  We develop techniques for evaluating this performance through statistical hypothesis testing of continued improvement, and evaluate them on a standard suite of challenging benchmark tasks involving continuous control of simulated robots. We show improvements over state-of-the-art reinforcement learning algorithms in performance and robustness to hyperparameters, outperforming DDPG in 5 out of 6 evaluation environments and showing no decrease in performance with TD3, which is known to be relatively stable. In this way, our approach takes an important step towards increasing data efficiency and stability in training for real-world robotic applications.	346
Why could generative models help with unsupervised learning?	Gaming Helps! Learning from Strategic Interactions in Natural Dynamics  We consider an online regression setting in which individuals adapt to the regression model: arriving individuals are aware of the current model, and invest strategically in modifying their own features so as to improve the predicted score that the current model assigns to them.  Such feature manipulation has been observed in various scenarios -- from credit assessment to school admissions -- posing a challenge for the learner. Surprisingly, we find that such strategic manipulations may in fact help the learner recover the meaningful variables -- that is, the features that, when changed, affect the true label (as opposed to non-meaningful features that have no effect). We show that even simple behavior on the learner's part allows her to simultaneously i) accurately recover the meaningful features, and ii) incentivize agents to invest in these meaningful features, providing incentives for improvement.	Gaming Helps! Learning from Strategic Interactions in Natural Dynamics  We consider an online regression setting in which individuals adapt to the regression model: arriving individuals are aware of the current model, and invest strategically in modifying their own features so as to improve the predicted score that the current model assigns to them.  Such feature manipulation has been observed in various scenarios -- from credit assessment to school admissions -- posing a challenge for the learner. Surprisingly, we find that such strategic manipulations may in fact help the learner recover the meaningful variables -- that is, the features that, when changed, affect the true label (as opposed to non-meaningful features that have no effect). We show that even simple behavior on the learner's part allows her to simultaneously i) accurately recover the meaningful features, and ii) incentivize agents to invest in these meaningful features, providing incentives for improvement.	345
Why could generative models help with unsupervised learning?	The Variational Homoencoder: Learning to learn high capacity generative   models from few examples  Hierarchical Bayesian methods can unify many related tasks (e.g. k-shot classification, conditional and unconditional generation) as inference within a single generative model. However, when this generative model is expressed as a powerful neural network such as a PixelCNN, we show that existing learning techniques typically fail to effectively use latent variables.  To address this, we develop a modification of the Variational Autoencoder in which encoded observations are decoded to new elements from the same class. This technique, which we call a Variational Homoencoder (VHE), produces a hierarchical latent variable model which better utilises latent variables.	The Variational Homoencoder: Learning to learn high capacity generative   models from few examples  Hierarchical Bayesian methods can unify many related tasks (e.g. k-shot classification, conditional and unconditional generation) as inference within a single generative model. However, when this generative model is expressed as a powerful neural network such as a PixelCNN, we show that existing learning techniques typically fail to effectively use latent variables.  To address this, we develop a modification of the Variational Autoencoder in which encoded observations are decoded to new elements from the same class. This technique, which we call a Variational Homoencoder (VHE), produces a hierarchical latent variable model which better utilises latent variables.	356
Why could generative models help with unsupervised learning?	Learning Device Models with Recurrent Neural Networks  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) are powerful constructs capable of modeling complex systems, up to and including Turing Machines. However, learning such complex models from finite training sets can be difficult. In this paper we empirically show that RNNs can learn models of computer peripheral devices through input and output state observation.  This enables automated development of functional software-only models of hardware devices. Such models are applicable to any number of tasks, including device validation, driver development, code de-obfuscation, and reverse engineering. We show that the same RNN structure successfully models six different devices from simple test circuits up to a 16550 UART serial port, and verify that these models are capable of producing equivalent output to real hardware.	Learning Device Models with Recurrent Neural Networks  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) are powerful constructs capable of modeling complex systems, up to and including Turing Machines. However, learning such complex models from finite training sets can be difficult. In this paper we empirically show that RNNs can learn models of computer peripheral devices through input and output state observation.  This enables automated development of functional software-only models of hardware devices. Such models are applicable to any number of tasks, including device validation, driver development, code de-obfuscation, and reverse engineering. We show that the same RNN structure successfully models six different devices from simple test circuits up to a 16550 UART serial port, and verify that these models are capable of producing equivalent output to real hardware.	341
Why could generative models help with unsupervised learning?	Model-Free Unsupervised Learning for Optimization Problems with   Constraints  In many optimization problems in wireless communications, the expressions of objective function or constraints are hard or even impossible to derive, which makes the solutions difficult to find. In this paper, we propose a model-free learning framework to solve constrained optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solution.  Neural networks are used respectively for parameterizing the function to be optimized, parameterizing the Lagrange multiplier associated with instantaneous constraints, and approximating the unknown objective function or constraints. We provide learning algorithms to train all the neural networks simultaneously, and reveal the connections of the proposed framework with reinforcement learning. Numerical and simulation results validate the proposed framework and demonstrate the efficiency of model-free learning by taking power control problem as an example.	Model-Free Unsupervised Learning for Optimization Problems with   Constraints  In many optimization problems in wireless communications, the expressions of objective function or constraints are hard or even impossible to derive, which makes the solutions difficult to find. In this paper, we propose a model-free learning framework to solve constrained optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solution.  Neural networks are used respectively for parameterizing the function to be optimized, parameterizing the Lagrange multiplier associated with instantaneous constraints, and approximating the unknown objective function or constraints. We provide learning algorithms to train all the neural networks simultaneously, and reveal the connections of the proposed framework with reinforcement learning. Numerical and simulation results validate the proposed framework and demonstrate the efficiency of model-free learning by taking power control problem as an example.	353
Why could generative models help with unsupervised learning?	Learning Generative Models using Denoising Density Estimators  Learning probabilistic models that can estimate the density of a given set of samples, and generate samples from that density, is one of the fundamental challenges in unsupervised machine learning. We introduce a new generative model based on denoising density estimators (DDEs), which are scalar functions parameterized by neural networks, that are efficiently trained to represent kernel density estimators of the data.	Learning Generative Models using Denoising Density Estimators  Learning probabilistic models that can estimate the density of a given set of samples, and generate samples from that density, is one of the fundamental challenges in unsupervised machine learning. We introduce a new generative model based on denoising density estimators (DDEs), which are scalar functions parameterized by neural networks, that are efficiently trained to represent kernel density estimators of the data.	349
What are some recent and potentially upcoming breakthroughs in unsupervised learning?	 Unfortunately, learning representations that exhibit invariance to arbitrary nuisance factors yet remain useful for other tasks is challenging. Existing approaches cast the trade-off between task performance and invariance in an adversarial way, using an iterative minimax optimization. We show that adversarial training is unnecessary and sometimes counter-productive; we instead cast invariant representation learning as a single information-theoretic objective that can be directly optimized. We demonstrate that this approach matches or exceeds performance of state-of-the-art adversarial approaches for learning fair representations and for generative modeling with controllable transformations.	 Unfortunately, learning representations that exhibit invariance to arbitrary nuisance factors yet remain useful for other tasks is challenging. Existing approaches cast the trade-off between task performance and invariance in an adversarial way, using an iterative minimax optimization. We show that adversarial training is unnecessary and sometimes counter-productive; we instead cast invariant representation learning as a single information-theoretic objective that can be directly optimized. We demonstrate that this approach matches or exceeds performance of state-of-the-art adversarial approaches for learning fair representations and for generative modeling with controllable transformations.	326
What are some recent and potentially upcoming breakthroughs in unsupervised learning?	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition.  To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition.  To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	321
What are some recent and potentially upcoming breakthroughs in unsupervised learning?	The Journey is the Reward: Unsupervised Learning of Influential   Trajectories  Unsupervised exploration and representation learning become increasingly important when learning in diverse and sparse environments. The information-theoretic principle of empowerment formalizes an unsupervised exploration objective through an agent trying to maximize its influence on the future states of its environment.  Previous approaches carry certain limitations in that they either do not employ closed-loop feedback or do not have an internal state. As a consequence, a privileged final state is taken as an influence measure, rather than the full trajectory. We provide a model-free method which takes into account the whole trajectory while still offering the benefits of option-based approaches. We successfully apply our approach to settings with large action spaces, where discovery of meaningful action sequences is particularly difficult.	The Journey is the Reward: Unsupervised Learning of Influential   Trajectories  Unsupervised exploration and representation learning become increasingly important when learning in diverse and sparse environments. The information-theoretic principle of empowerment formalizes an unsupervised exploration objective through an agent trying to maximize its influence on the future states of its environment.  Previous approaches carry certain limitations in that they either do not employ closed-loop feedback or do not have an internal state. As a consequence, a privileged final state is taken as an influence measure, rather than the full trajectory. We provide a model-free method which takes into account the whole trajectory while still offering the benefits of option-based approaches. We successfully apply our approach to settings with large action spaces, where discovery of meaningful action sequences is particularly difficult.	301
What are some recent and potentially upcoming breakthroughs in unsupervised learning?	Exploration Potential  We introduce exploration potential, a quantity that measures how much a reinforcement learning agent has explored its environment class. In contrast to information gain, exploration potential takes the problem's reward structure into account. This leads to an exploration criterion that is both necessary and sufficient for asymptotic optimality (learning to act optimally across the entire environment class). Our experiments in multi-armed bandits use exploration potential to illustrate how different algorithms make the tradeoff between exploration and exploitation.	Exploration Potential  We introduce exploration potential, a quantity that measures how much a reinforcement learning agent has explored its environment class. In contrast to information gain, exploration potential takes the problem's reward structure into account. This leads to an exploration criterion that is both necessary and sufficient for asymptotic optimality (learning to act optimally across the entire environment class). Our experiments in multi-armed bandits use exploration potential to illustrate how different algorithms make the tradeoff between exploration and exploitation.	321
What are some recent and potentially upcoming breakthroughs in unsupervised learning?	'Place-cell' emergence and learning of invariant data with restricted   Boltzmann machines: breaking and dynamical restoration of continuous   symmetries in the weight space  Distributions of data or sensory stimuli often enjoy underlying invariances. How and to what extent those symmetries are captured by unsupervised learning methods is a relevant question in machine learning and in computational neuroscience.  We study here, through a combination of numerical and analytical tools, the learning dynamics of Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBM), a neural network paradigm for representation learning. As learning proceeds from a random configuration of the network weights, we show the existence of, and characterize a symmetry-breaking phenomenon, in which the latent variables acquire receptive fields focusing on limited parts of the invariant manifold supporting the data.	'Place-cell' emergence and learning of invariant data with restricted   Boltzmann machines: breaking and dynamical restoration of continuous   symmetries in the weight space  Distributions of data or sensory stimuli often enjoy underlying invariances. How and to what extent those symmetries are captured by unsupervised learning methods is a relevant question in machine learning and in computational neuroscience.  We study here, through a combination of numerical and analytical tools, the learning dynamics of Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBM), a neural network paradigm for representation learning. As learning proceeds from a random configuration of the network weights, we show the existence of, and characterize a symmetry-breaking phenomenon, in which the latent variables acquire receptive fields focusing on limited parts of the invariant manifold supporting the data.	306
Can neural networks be used to solve unsupervised learning problems?	 Hence, the sensors can complement each other by means of an appropriate sensor data fusion. Nevertheless, the fusion-based approaches are still susceptible to disturbances and fail to classify disturbed image areas correctly. This problem can be solved by means of a special training method, the so called Robust Learning Method (RLM), a method by which the neural network learns to handle unknown noise.  In this work, two different sensor fusion architectures for semantic segmentation are compared and evaluated on several datasets. Furthermore, it is shown that the RLM increases the robustness in adverse weather conditions enormously, and achieve good results although no disturbance model has been learned by the neural network.	 Hence, the sensors can complement each other by means of an appropriate sensor data fusion. Nevertheless, the fusion-based approaches are still susceptible to disturbances and fail to classify disturbed image areas correctly. This problem can be solved by means of a special training method, the so called Robust Learning Method (RLM), a method by which the neural network learns to handle unknown noise.  In this work, two different sensor fusion architectures for semantic segmentation are compared and evaluated on several datasets. Furthermore, it is shown that the RLM increases the robustness in adverse weather conditions enormously, and achieve good results although no disturbance model has been learned by the neural network.	315
Can neural networks be used to solve unsupervised learning problems?	 While existing localization algorithms can achieve optimal localization accuracy at low fluorophore densities, they are confounded by high densities. Our method is the first deep-learning based approach which achieves state-of-the-art on the SMLM2016 challenge. It achieves the best scores on 12 out of 12 data-sets when comparing both detection accuracy and precision, and excels at high densities.  Finally, we investigate how unsupervised learning can be used to make the network robust against mismatch between simulated and real data. The lessons learned here are more generally relevant for the training of deep networks to solve challenging Bayesian inverse problems on spatially extended domains in biology and physics.	 Finally, we investigate how unsupervised learning can be used to make the network robust against mismatch between simulated and real data. The lessons learned here are more generally relevant for the training of deep networks to solve challenging Bayesian inverse problems on spatially extended domains in biology and physics.	314
Can neural networks be used to solve unsupervised learning problems?	Learning to Solve NP-Complete Problems - A Graph Neural Network for   Decision TSP  Graph Neural Networks (GNN) are a promising technique for bridging differential programming and combinatorial domains. GNNs employ trainable modules which can be assembled in different configurations that reflect the relational structure of each problem instance.  In this paper, we show that GNNs can learn to solve, with very little supervision, the decision variant of the Traveling Salesperson Problem (TSP), a highly relevant $\mathcal{NP}$-Complete problem. Our model is trained to function as an effective message-passing algorithm in which edges (embedded with their weights) communicate with vertices for a number of iterations after which the model is asked to decide whether a route with cost $<C$ exists.	Learning to Solve NP-Complete Problems - A Graph Neural Network for   Decision TSP  Graph Neural Networks (GNN) are a promising technique for bridging differential programming and combinatorial domains. GNNs employ trainable modules which can be assembled in different configurations that reflect the relational structure of each problem instance.  In this paper, we show that GNNs can learn to solve, with very little supervision, the decision variant of the Traveling Salesperson Problem (TSP), a highly relevant $\mathcal{NP}$-Complete problem. Our model is trained to function as an effective message-passing algorithm in which edges (embedded with their weights) communicate with vertices for a number of iterations after which the model is asked to decide whether a route with cost $<C$ exists.	314
Can neural networks be used to solve unsupervised learning problems?	 To fill this void we use stability of learning algorithms to fully characterize statistical learnability in the general setting. Next we consider the problem of online learning. Unlike the statistical learning framework there is a dearth of generic tools that can be used to establish learnability and rates for online learning problems in general.  We provide online analogs to classical tools from statistical learning theory like Rademacher complexity, covering numbers, etc. We further use these tools to fully characterize learnability for online supervised learning problems.   II. In the second part, for general classes of convex learning problems, we provide appropriate mirror descent (MD) updates for online and statistical learning of these problems.	 To fill this void we use stability of learning algorithms to fully characterize statistical learnability in the general setting. Next we consider the problem of online learning. Unlike the statistical learning framework there is a dearth of generic tools that can be used to establish learnability and rates for online learning problems in general.  We provide online analogs to classical tools from statistical learning theory like Rademacher complexity, covering numbers, etc. We further use these tools to fully characterize learnability for online supervised learning problems.   II. In the second part, for general classes of convex learning problems, we provide appropriate mirror descent (MD) updates for online and statistical learning of these problems.	321
Can neural networks be used to solve unsupervised learning problems?	 If the objective and constraint functions are unavailable, reinforcement learning can be applied to find the solution of a functional optimization problem, which is however not tailored to optimization problems in wireless networks. In this article, we introduce unsupervised and reinforced-unsupervised learning frameworks for solving both variable and functional optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solutions.  When the mathematical model of the environment is completely known and the distribution of environment's status is known or unknown, we can invoke unsupervised learning algorithm. When the mathematical model of the environment is incomplete, we introduce reinforced-unsupervised learning algorithms that learn the model by interacting with the environment. Our simulation results confirm the applicability of these learning frameworks by taking a user association problem as an example.	 If the objective and constraint functions are unavailable, reinforcement learning can be applied to find the solution of a functional optimization problem, which is however not tailored to optimization problems in wireless networks. In this article, we introduce unsupervised and reinforced-unsupervised learning frameworks for solving both variable and functional optimization problems without the supervision of the optimal solutions.  When the mathematical model of the environment is completely known and the distribution of environment's status is known or unknown, we can invoke unsupervised learning algorithm. When the mathematical model of the environment is incomplete, we introduce reinforced-unsupervised learning algorithms that learn the model by interacting with the environment. Our simulation results confirm the applicability of these learning frameworks by taking a user association problem as an example.	278
What is the state of the art of Unsupervised Learning, and is human-likeUnsupervised Learning possible in the near future?	 We then argue that despite this unpredictability property, handling these events and conditions is indeed possible. Hence, we offer and exemplify design principles that when applied in advance, can enable systems to deal, in the future, with unpredicted circumstances. We conclude with a discussion of how this work and a broader theoretical study of the unexpected can contribute toward a foundation of engineering principles for developing trustworthy next-generation autonomous systems.	 We then argue that despite this unpredictability property, handling these events and conditions is indeed possible. Hence, we offer and exemplify design principles that when applied in advance, can enable systems to deal, in the future, with unpredicted circumstances. We conclude with a discussion of how this work and a broader theoretical study of the unexpected can contribute toward a foundation of engineering principles for developing trustworthy next-generation autonomous systems.	381
What is the state of the art of Unsupervised Learning, and is human-likeUnsupervised Learning possible in the near future?	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition.  To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	Unsupervised Representation Learning with Future Observation Prediction   for Speech Emotion Recognition  Prior works on speech emotion recognition utilize various unsupervised learning approaches to deal with low-resource samples. However, these methods pay less attention to modeling the long-term dynamic dependency, which is important for speech emotion recognition.  To deal with this problem, this paper combines the unsupervised representation learning strategy -- Future Observation Prediction (FOP), with transfer learning approaches (such as Fine-tuning and Hypercolumns). To verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the IEMOCAP database. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is superior to currently advanced unsupervised learning strategies.	388
What is the state of the art of Unsupervised Learning, and is human-likeUnsupervised Learning possible in the near future?	Generalizable Features From Unsupervised Learning  Humans learn a predictive model of the world and use this model to reason about future events and the consequences of actions. In contrast to most machine predictors, we exhibit an impressive ability to generalize to unseen scenarios and reason intelligently in these settings.  One important aspect of this ability is physical intuition(Lake et al., 2016). In this work, we explore the potential of unsupervised learning to find features that promote better generalization to settings outside the supervised training distribution. Our task is predicting the stability of towers of square blocks. We demonstrate that an unsupervised model, trained to predict future frames of a video sequence of stable and unstable block configurations, can yield features that support extrapolating stability prediction to blocks configurations outside the training set distribution	Generalizable Features From Unsupervised Learning  Humans learn a predictive model of the world and use this model to reason about future events and the consequences of actions. In contrast to most machine predictors, we exhibit an impressive ability to generalize to unseen scenarios and reason intelligently in these settings.  One important aspect of this ability is physical intuition(Lake et al., 2016). In this work, we explore the potential of unsupervised learning to find features that promote better generalization to settings outside the supervised training distribution. Our task is predicting the stability of towers of square blocks. We demonstrate that an unsupervised model, trained to predict future frames of a video sequence of stable and unstable block configurations, can yield features that support extrapolating stability prediction to blocks configurations outside the training set distribution	368
What is the state of the art of Unsupervised Learning, and is human-likeUnsupervised Learning possible in the near future?	Semantics derived automatically from language corpora contain human-like   biases  Artificial intelligence and machine learning are in a period of astounding growth. However, there are concerns that these technologies may be used, either with or without intention, to perpetuate the prejudice and unfairness that unfortunately characterizes many human institutions.  Here we show for the first time that human-like semantic biases result from the application of standard machine learning to ordinary language---the same sort of language humans are exposed to every day. We replicate a spectrum of standard human biases as exposed by the Implicit Association Test and other well-known psychological studies.	Semantics derived automatically from language corpora contain human-like   biases  Artificial intelligence and machine learning are in a period of astounding growth. However, there are concerns that these technologies may be used, either with or without intention, to perpetuate the prejudice and unfairness that unfortunately characterizes many human institutions.  Here we show for the first time that human-like semantic biases result from the application of standard machine learning to ordinary language---the same sort of language humans are exposed to every day. We replicate a spectrum of standard human biases as exposed by the Implicit Association Test and other well-known psychological studies.	381
What is the state of the art of Unsupervised Learning, and is human-likeUnsupervised Learning possible in the near future?	 The HOPE model itself can be learned unsupervised from unlabelled data based on the maximum likelihood estimation as well as discriminatively from labelled data. More interestingly, we have shown the proposed HOPE models are closely related to neural networks (NNs) in a sense that each hidden layer can be reformulated as a HOPE model.  As a result, the HOPE framework can be used as a novel tool to probe why and how NNs work, more importantly, to learn NNs in either supervised or unsupervised ways. In this work, we have investigated the HOPE framework to learn NNs for several standard tasks, including image recognition on MNIST and speech recognition on TIMIT. Experimental results have shown that the HOPE framework yields significant performance gains over the current state-of-the-art methods in various types of NN learning problems, including unsupervised feature learning, supervised or semi-supervised learning.	 As a result, the HOPE framework can be used as a novel tool to probe why and how NNs work, more importantly, to learn NNs in either supervised or unsupervised ways. In this work, we have investigated the HOPE framework to learn NNs for several standard tasks, including image recognition on MNIST and speech recognition on TIMIT. Experimental results have shown that the HOPE framework yields significant performance gains over the current state-of-the-art methods in various types of NN learning problems, including unsupervised feature learning, supervised or semi-supervised learning.	392
Why is reinforcement learning not considered unsupervised learning?	 Several recent research directions have been motivated by the idea that this divergence is the primary guide for the learning process and that every step of learning should decrease the divergence. We show that this view is overly restrictive. During GAN training, the discriminator provides learning signal in situations where the gradients of the divergences between distributions would not be useful.	 Several recent research directions have been motivated by the idea that this divergence is the primary guide for the learning process and that every step of learning should decrease the divergence. We show that this view is overly restrictive. During GAN training, the discriminator provides learning signal in situations where the gradients of the divergences between distributions would not be useful.	341
Why is reinforcement learning not considered unsupervised learning?	 However, in some cases, it is not clear why deep reinforcement learning is a good fit for the problem. Sometimes, it does not perform better than the state-of-the-art solutions. And in other cases, random search or greedy algorithms could outperform deep reinforcement learning. In this paper, we review, discuss, and evaluate the recent trends of using deep reinforcement learning in system optimization.  We propose a set of essential metrics to guide future works in evaluating the efficacy of using deep reinforcement learning in system optimization. Our evaluation includes challenges, the types of problems, their formulation in the deep reinforcement learning setting, embedding, the model used, efficiency, and robustness. We conclude with a discussion on open challenges and potential directions for pushing further the integration of reinforcement learning in system optimization.	 However, in some cases, it is not clear why deep reinforcement learning is a good fit for the problem. Sometimes, it does not perform better than the state-of-the-art solutions. And in other cases, random search or greedy algorithms could outperform deep reinforcement learning. In this paper, we review, discuss, and evaluate the recent trends of using deep reinforcement learning in system optimization.  We propose a set of essential metrics to guide future works in evaluating the efficacy of using deep reinforcement learning in system optimization. Our evaluation includes challenges, the types of problems, their formulation in the deep reinforcement learning setting, embedding, the model used, efficiency, and robustness. We conclude with a discussion on open challenges and potential directions for pushing further the integration of reinforcement learning in system optimization.	325
Why is reinforcement learning not considered unsupervised learning?	 We develop a decision theoretic setting that generalises standard reinforcement learning tasks and captures this intuition. More precisely, we consider a multi-stage stochastic game between a learning agent and an opponent. We posit that the setting is a good model for the problem of life-long learning in uncertain environments, where while resources must be spent learning about currently important tasks, there is also the need to allocate effort towards learning about aspects of the world which are not relevant at the moment.  This is due to the fact that unpredictable future events may lead to a change of priorities for the decision maker. Thus, in some sense, the model "explains" the necessity of curiosity. Apart from introducing the general formalism, the paper provides algorithms. These are evaluated experimentally in some exemplary domains. In addition, performance bounds are proven for some cases of this problem.	 We develop a decision theoretic setting that generalises standard reinforcement learning tasks and captures this intuition. More precisely, we consider a multi-stage stochastic game between a learning agent and an opponent. We posit that the setting is a good model for the problem of life-long learning in uncertain environments, where while resources must be spent learning about currently important tasks, there is also the need to allocate effort towards learning about aspects of the world which are not relevant at the moment.  This is due to the fact that unpredictable future events may lead to a change of priorities for the decision maker. Thus, in some sense, the model "explains" the necessity of curiosity. Apart from introducing the general formalism, the paper provides algorithms. These are evaluated experimentally in some exemplary domains. In addition, performance bounds are proven for some cases of this problem.	326
Why is reinforcement learning not considered unsupervised learning?	Representation Learning with Contrastive Predictive Coding  While supervised learning has enabled great progress in many applications, unsupervised learning has not seen such widespread adoption, and remains an important and challenging endeavor for artificial intelligence. In this work, we propose a universal unsupervised learning approach to extract useful representations from high-dimensional data, which we call Contrastive Predictive Coding.	Representation Learning with Contrastive Predictive Coding  While supervised learning has enabled great progress in many applications, unsupervised learning has not seen such widespread adoption, and remains an important and challenging endeavor for artificial intelligence. In this work, we propose a universal unsupervised learning approach to extract useful representations from high-dimensional data, which we call Contrastive Predictive Coding.	319
Why is reinforcement learning not considered unsupervised learning?	 The objective of the reinforcement learning level consists not only in fulfilling the in-hand manipulation goal, but also in minimizing the intervention of the tactile reactive control. This way, the occurrence of object slipping during the learning procedure, which we consider an irreversible event, is significantly reduced.  When an irreversible event occurs, the learning process is considered failed. We show the performance in two tasks, which consist in reorienting a cup and a bottle only using the fingers. The experimental results show that the proposed architecture allows reaching the goal in the Cartesian space and reduces significantly the occurrence of object slipping during the learning procedure. Moreover, without the proposed synergy between reactive control and reinforcement learning it was not possible to avoid irreversible events and, therefore, to learn the task.	 The objective of the reinforcement learning level consists not only in fulfilling the in-hand manipulation goal, but also in minimizing the intervention of the tactile reactive control. This way, the occurrence of object slipping during the learning procedure, which we consider an irreversible event, is significantly reduced.  When an irreversible event occurs, the learning process is considered failed. We show the performance in two tasks, which consist in reorienting a cup and a bottle only using the fingers. The experimental results show that the proposed architecture allows reaching the goal in the Cartesian space and reduces significantly the occurrence of object slipping during the learning procedure. Moreover, without the proposed synergy between reactive control and reinforcement learning it was not possible to avoid irreversible events and, therefore, to learn the task.	340
What is deep learning?	 From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e. g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	 From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e. g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	428
What is deep learning?	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	402
What is deep learning?	Deep Convolutional Framelets: A General Deep Learning Framework for   Inverse Problems  Recently, deep learning approaches with various network architectures have achieved significant performance improvement over existing iterative reconstruction methods in various imaging problems. However, it is still unclear why these deep learning architectures work for specific inverse problems.  To address these issues, here we show that the long-searched-for missing link is the convolution framelets for representing a signal by convolving local and non-local bases. The convolution framelets was originally developed to generalize the theory of low-rank Hankel matrix approaches for inverse problems, and this paper further extends the idea so that we can obtain a deep neural network using multilayer convolution framelets with perfect reconstruction (PR) under rectilinear linear unit nonlinearity (ReLU).	Deep Convolutional Framelets: A General Deep Learning Framework for   Inverse Problems  Recently, deep learning approaches with various network architectures have achieved significant performance improvement over existing iterative reconstruction methods in various imaging problems. However, it is still unclear why these deep learning architectures work for specific inverse problems.  To address these issues, here we show that the long-searched-for missing link is the convolution framelets for representing a signal by convolving local and non-local bases. The convolution framelets was originally developed to generalize the theory of low-rank Hankel matrix approaches for inverse problems, and this paper further extends the idea so that we can obtain a deep neural network using multilayer convolution framelets with perfect reconstruction (PR) under rectilinear linear unit nonlinearity (ReLU).	412
What is deep learning?	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	413
What is deep learning?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	419
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	 In this chapter, we first introduce the background of learning representations and reasons why we need good EHR representations in machine learning for medicine and healthcare in Section 1. Next, we explain the commonly-used machine learning and evaluation methods for representation learning using a deep learning approach in Section 2.  Following that, we review recent related studies of learning patient state representation from EHR for clinical machine learning tasks in Section 3. Finally, in Section 4 we discuss more techniques, studies, and challenges for learning natural language representations when free texts, such as clinical notes, examination reports, or biomedical literature are used. We also discuss challenges and opportunities in these rapidly growing research fields.	 In this chapter, we first introduce the background of learning representations and reasons why we need good EHR representations in machine learning for medicine and healthcare in Section 1. Next, we explain the commonly-used machine learning and evaluation methods for representation learning using a deep learning approach in Section 2.  Following that, we review recent related studies of learning patient state representation from EHR for clinical machine learning tasks in Section 3. Finally, in Section 4 we discuss more techniques, studies, and challenges for learning natural language representations when free texts, such as clinical notes, examination reports, or biomedical literature are used. We also discuss challenges and opportunities in these rapidly growing research fields.	305
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	 In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	 In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	308
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them.  In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them.  In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	278
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	How can deep learning advance computational modeling of sensory   information processing?  Deep learning, computational neuroscience, and cognitive science have overlapping goals related to understanding intelligence such that perception and behaviour can be simulated in computational systems. In neuroimaging, machine learning methods have been used to test computational models of sensory information processing.	How can deep learning advance computational modeling of sensory   information processing?  Deep learning, computational neuroscience, and cognitive science have overlapping goals related to understanding intelligence such that perception and behaviour can be simulated in computational systems. In neuroimaging, machine learning methods have been used to test computational models of sensory information processing.	287
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	Universality of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  Deep learning has been widely applied and brought breakthroughs in speech recognition, computer vision, and many other domains. The involved deep neural network architectures and computational issues have been well studied in machine learning. But there lacks a theoretical foundation for understanding the approximation or generalization ability of deep learning methods generated by the network architectures such as deep convolutional neural networks having convolutional structures.	Universality of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  Deep learning has been widely applied and brought breakthroughs in speech recognition, computer vision, and many other domains. The involved deep neural network architectures and computational issues have been well studied in machine learning. But there lacks a theoretical foundation for understanding the approximation or generalization ability of deep learning methods generated by the network architectures such as deep convolutional neural networks having convolutional structures.	290
As a beginner, how should I study deep learning?	Combination of Hyperband and Bayesian Optimization for Hyperparameter   Optimization in Deep Learning  Deep learning has achieved impressive results on many problems. However, it requires high degree of expertise or a lot of experience to tune well the hyperparameters, and such manual tuning process is likely to be biased.  Moreover, it is not practical to try out as many different hyperparameter configurations in deep learning as in other machine learning scenarios, because evaluating each single hyperparameter configuration in deep learning would mean training a deep neural network, which usually takes quite long time.	Combination of Hyperband and Bayesian Optimization for Hyperparameter   Optimization in Deep Learning  Deep learning has achieved impressive results on many problems. However, it requires high degree of expertise or a lot of experience to tune well the hyperparameters, and such manual tuning process is likely to be biased.  Moreover, it is not practical to try out as many different hyperparameter configurations in deep learning as in other machine learning scenarios, because evaluating each single hyperparameter configuration in deep learning would mean training a deep neural network, which usually takes quite long time.	343
As a beginner, how should I study deep learning?	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	354
As a beginner, how should I study deep learning?	Learning credit assignment  Deep learning has achieved impressive prediction accuracies in a variety of scientific and industrial domains. However, the nested non-linear feature of deep learning makes the learning highly non-transparent, i.e., it is still unknown how the learning coordinates a huge number of parameters to achieve a decision making.  To explain this hierarchical credit assignment, we propose a mean-field learning model by assuming that an ensemble of sub-networks, rather than a single network, are trained for a classification task. Surprisingly, our model reveals that apart from some deterministic synaptic weights connecting two neurons at neighboring layers, there exist a large number of connections that can be absent, and other connections can allow for a broad distribution of their weight values.	Learning credit assignment  Deep learning has achieved impressive prediction accuracies in a variety of scientific and industrial domains. However, the nested non-linear feature of deep learning makes the learning highly non-transparent, i.e., it is still unknown how the learning coordinates a huge number of parameters to achieve a decision making.  To explain this hierarchical credit assignment, we propose a mean-field learning model by assuming that an ensemble of sub-networks, rather than a single network, are trained for a classification task. Surprisingly, our model reveals that apart from some deterministic synaptic weights connecting two neurons at neighboring layers, there exist a large number of connections that can be absent, and other connections can allow for a broad distribution of their weight values.	359
As a beginner, how should I study deep learning?	 However, traditional methods mainly rely on handcrafted features, which limit machine learning algorithms to achieve a better performance. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning solution to this problem, which could be the first attempt of extending deep learning to driving behavior analysis based on GPS data.  The proposed approach can effectively extract high level and interpretable features describing complex driving patterns. It also requires significantly less human experience and work. The power of the learned driving style representations are validated through the driver identification problem using a large real dataset.	 However, traditional methods mainly rely on handcrafted features, which limit machine learning algorithms to achieve a better performance. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning solution to this problem, which could be the first attempt of extending deep learning to driving behavior analysis based on GPS data.  The proposed approach can effectively extract high level and interpretable features describing complex driving patterns. It also requires significantly less human experience and work. The power of the learned driving style representations are validated through the driver identification problem using a large real dataset.	362
As a beginner, how should I study deep learning?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	354
What are the best resources to learn about deep learning?	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	271
What are the best resources to learn about deep learning?	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	294
What are the best resources to learn about deep learning?	Learning credit assignment  Deep learning has achieved impressive prediction accuracies in a variety of scientific and industrial domains. However, the nested non-linear feature of deep learning makes the learning highly non-transparent, i.e., it is still unknown how the learning coordinates a huge number of parameters to achieve a decision making.  To explain this hierarchical credit assignment, we propose a mean-field learning model by assuming that an ensemble of sub-networks, rather than a single network, are trained for a classification task. Surprisingly, our model reveals that apart from some deterministic synaptic weights connecting two neurons at neighboring layers, there exist a large number of connections that can be absent, and other connections can allow for a broad distribution of their weight values.	Learning credit assignment  Deep learning has achieved impressive prediction accuracies in a variety of scientific and industrial domains. However, the nested non-linear feature of deep learning makes the learning highly non-transparent, i.e., it is still unknown how the learning coordinates a huge number of parameters to achieve a decision making.  To explain this hierarchical credit assignment, we propose a mean-field learning model by assuming that an ensemble of sub-networks, rather than a single network, are trained for a classification task. Surprisingly, our model reveals that apart from some deterministic synaptic weights connecting two neurons at neighboring layers, there exist a large number of connections that can be absent, and other connections can allow for a broad distribution of their weight values.	289
What are the best resources to learn about deep learning?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	288
What are the best resources to learn about deep learning?	 Advanced technologies that can improve detection performance are in great need. Aiming for improving anomaly detection performance, in this paper we introduce recently-developed deep learning (DL) in machine learning into the combustors anomaly detection application. Specifically, we use deep learning to hierarchically learn features from the sensor measurements of exhaust gas temperatures.	 Advanced technologies that can improve detection performance are in great need. Aiming for improving anomaly detection performance, in this paper we introduce recently-developed deep learning (DL) in machine learning into the combustors anomaly detection application. Specifically, we use deep learning to hierarchically learn features from the sensor measurements of exhaust gas temperatures.	293
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	 In this chapter, we first introduce the background of learning representations and reasons why we need good EHR representations in machine learning for medicine and healthcare in Section 1. Next, we explain the commonly-used machine learning and evaluation methods for representation learning using a deep learning approach in Section 2.  Following that, we review recent related studies of learning patient state representation from EHR for clinical machine learning tasks in Section 3. Finally, in Section 4 we discuss more techniques, studies, and challenges for learning natural language representations when free texts, such as clinical notes, examination reports, or biomedical literature are used. We also discuss challenges and opportunities in these rapidly growing research fields.	 In this chapter, we first introduce the background of learning representations and reasons why we need good EHR representations in machine learning for medicine and healthcare in Section 1. Next, we explain the commonly-used machine learning and evaluation methods for representation learning using a deep learning approach in Section 2.  Following that, we review recent related studies of learning patient state representation from EHR for clinical machine learning tasks in Section 3. Finally, in Section 4 we discuss more techniques, studies, and challenges for learning natural language representations when free texts, such as clinical notes, examination reports, or biomedical literature are used. We also discuss challenges and opportunities in these rapidly growing research fields.	305
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	 In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	 In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	308
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them.  In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	Como funciona o Deep Learning  Deep Learning methods are currently the state-of-the-art in many problems which can be tackled via machine learning, in particular classification problems. However there is still lack of understanding on how those methods work, why they work and what are the limitations involved in using them.  In this chapter we will describe in detail the transition from shallow to deep networks, include examples of code on how to implement them, as well as the main issues one faces when training a deep network. Afterwards, we introduce some theoretical background behind the use of deep models, and discuss their limitations.	278
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	How can deep learning advance computational modeling of sensory   information processing?  Deep learning, computational neuroscience, and cognitive science have overlapping goals related to understanding intelligence such that perception and behaviour can be simulated in computational systems. In neuroimaging, machine learning methods have been used to test computational models of sensory information processing.	How can deep learning advance computational modeling of sensory   information processing?  Deep learning, computational neuroscience, and cognitive science have overlapping goals related to understanding intelligence such that perception and behaviour can be simulated in computational systems. In neuroimaging, machine learning methods have been used to test computational models of sensory information processing.	287
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?	Universality of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  Deep learning has been widely applied and brought breakthroughs in speech recognition, computer vision, and many other domains. The involved deep neural network architectures and computational issues have been well studied in machine learning. But there lacks a theoretical foundation for understanding the approximation or generalization ability of deep learning methods generated by the network architectures such as deep convolutional neural networks having convolutional structures.	Universality of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  Deep learning has been widely applied and brought breakthroughs in speech recognition, computer vision, and many other domains. The involved deep neural network architectures and computational issues have been well studied in machine learning. But there lacks a theoretical foundation for understanding the approximation or generalization ability of deep learning methods generated by the network architectures such as deep convolutional neural networks having convolutional structures.	290
Whats the most effective way to get started with Deep Learning?	Why does Deep Learning work? - A perspective from Group Theory  Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.    One factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called pre-training: first search for a good generative model for the input samples, and repeat the process one layer at a time. We show deeper implications of this simple principle, by establishing a connection with the interplay of orbits and stabilizers of group actions.	Why does Deep Learning work? - A perspective from Group Theory  Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.    One factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called pre-training: first search for a good generative model for the input samples, and repeat the process one layer at a time. We show deeper implications of this simple principle, by establishing a connection with the interplay of orbits and stabilizers of group actions.	310
Whats the most effective way to get started with Deep Learning?	 In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	 In order to address this very crucial question, here we see deep learning from perspective of mechanical learning and learning machine (see [1], [2]). From this particular angle, we can see deep learning much better and answer with confidence: What deep learning is really doing? why it works well, how it works, and how much data is necessary for learning. We also will discuss advantages and disadvantages of deep learning at the end of this work.	349
Whats the most effective way to get started with Deep Learning?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	352
Whats the most effective way to get started with Deep Learning?	 Therefore, improving the performance of these models could make a strong impact in the area of machine learning. However, deep learning is a very fast-growing research domain with many core methodologies and paradigms just discovered over the last few years. This thesis will first serve as a short summary of deep learning, which tries to include all of the most important ideas in this research area.	 Therefore, improving the performance of these models could make a strong impact in the area of machine learning. However, deep learning is a very fast-growing research domain with many core methodologies and paradigms just discovered over the last few years. This thesis will first serve as a short summary of deep learning, which tries to include all of the most important ideas in this research area.	337
Whats the most effective way to get started with Deep Learning?	A Group Theoretic Perspective on Unsupervised Deep Learning  Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.   One factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called {\em pretraining}: first search for a good generative model for the input samples, and repeat the process one layer at a time.  We show deeper implications of this simple principle, by establishing a connection with the interplay of orbits and stabilizers of group actions. Although the neural networks themselves may not form groups, we show the existence of {\em shadow} groups whose elements serve as close approximations.   Over the shadow groups, the pre-training step, originally introduced as a mechanism to better initialize a network, becomes equivalent to a search for features with minimal orbits.	A Group Theoretic Perspective on Unsupervised Deep Learning  Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.   One factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called {\em pretraining}: first search for a good generative model for the input samples, and repeat the process one layer at a time.  We show deeper implications of this simple principle, by establishing a connection with the interplay of orbits and stabilizers of group actions. Although the neural networks themselves may not form groups, we show the existence of {\em shadow} groups whose elements serve as close approximations.   Over the shadow groups, the pre-training step, originally introduced as a mechanism to better initialize a network, becomes equivalent to a search for features with minimal orbits.	351
Is there something that Deep Learning will never be able to learn?	Learning to Play Guess Who? and Inventing a Grounded Language as a   Consequence  Acquiring your first language is an incredible feat and not easily duplicated. Learning to communicate using nothing but a few pictureless books, a corpus, would likely be impossible even for humans. Nevertheless, this is the dominating approach in most natural language processing today.  As an alternative, we propose the use of situated interactions between agents as a driving force for communication, and the framework of Deep Recurrent Q-Networks for evolving a shared language grounded in the provided environment. We task the agents with interactive image search in the form of the game Guess Who?	Learning to Play Guess Who? and Inventing a Grounded Language as a   Consequence  Acquiring your first language is an incredible feat and not easily duplicated. Learning to communicate using nothing but a few pictureless books, a corpus, would likely be impossible even for humans. Nevertheless, this is the dominating approach in most natural language processing today.  As an alternative, we propose the use of situated interactions between agents as a driving force for communication, and the framework of Deep Recurrent Q-Networks for evolving a shared language grounded in the provided environment. We task the agents with interactive image search in the form of the game Guess Who?	421
Is there something that Deep Learning will never be able to learn?	Learning to Learn How to Learn: Self-Adaptive Visual Navigation Using   Meta-Learning  Learning is an inherently continuous phenomenon. When humans learn a new task there is no explicit distinction between training and inference. As we learn a task, we keep learning about it while performing the task.  What we learn and how we learn it varies during different stages of learning. Learning how to learn and adapt is a key property that enables us to generalize effortlessly to new settings. This is in contrast with conventional settings in machine learning where a trained model is frozen during inference.	Learning to Learn How to Learn: Self-Adaptive Visual Navigation Using   Meta-Learning  Learning is an inherently continuous phenomenon. When humans learn a new task there is no explicit distinction between training and inference. As we learn a task, we keep learning about it while performing the task.  What we learn and how we learn it varies during different stages of learning. Learning how to learn and adapt is a key property that enables us to generalize effortlessly to new settings. This is in contrast with conventional settings in machine learning where a trained model is frozen during inference.	412
Is there something that Deep Learning will never be able to learn?	The Archimedean trap: Why traditional reinforcement learning will   probably not yield AGI  After generalizing the Archimedean property of real numbers in such a way as to make it adaptable to non-numeric structures, we demonstrate that the real numbers cannot be used to accurately measure non-Archimedean structures.  We argue that, since an agent with Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) should have no problem engaging in tasks that inherently involve non-Archimedean rewards, and since traditional reinforcement learning rewards are real numbers, therefore traditional reinforcement learning probably will not lead to AGI. We indicate two possible ways traditional reinforcement learning could be altered to remove this roadblock.	 We argue that, since an agent with Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) should have no problem engaging in tasks that inherently involve non-Archimedean rewards, and since traditional reinforcement learning rewards are real numbers, therefore traditional reinforcement learning probably will not lead to AGI. We indicate two possible ways traditional reinforcement learning could be altered to remove this roadblock.	421
Is there something that Deep Learning will never be able to learn?	 However, due to its stacking-style way for thresholding, it may suffer error accumulation and thus reduces the final classification performance. Binary Relevance (BR) is another typical method, which aims to minimize the Hamming Loss and only needs one-step learning. Nevertheless, it might have the class-imbalance issue and does not take into account label correlations.  To address the above issues, we propose a novel multi-label classification model, which joints Ranking support vector machine and Binary Relevance with robust Low-rank learning (RBRL). RBRL inherits the ranking loss minimization advantages of Rank-SVM, and thus overcomes the disadvantages of BR suffering the class-imbalance issue and ignoring the label correlations.	 However, due to its stacking-style way for thresholding, it may suffer error accumulation and thus reduces the final classification performance. Binary Relevance (BR) is another typical method, which aims to minimize the Hamming Loss and only needs one-step learning. Nevertheless, it might have the class-imbalance issue and does not take into account label correlations.  To address the above issues, we propose a novel multi-label classification model, which joints Ranking support vector machine and Binary Relevance with robust Low-rank learning (RBRL). RBRL inherits the ranking loss minimization advantages of Rank-SVM, and thus overcomes the disadvantages of BR suffering the class-imbalance issue and ignoring the label correlations.	417
Is there something that Deep Learning will never be able to learn?	 A story that explains some of these is the Social Intelligence Hypothesis. If this is broadly correct, this points to the necessity of a considerable period of acculturation (social learning in context) if an artificial intelligence is to pass the TT. Whilst it is always possible to 'compile' the results of learning into a TM, this would not be a designed TM and would not be able to continually adapt (pass future TTs). We conclude three things, namely that: a purely "designed" TM will never pass the TT; that there is no such thing as a general intelligence since it necessary involves learning; and that learning/adaption and computation should be clearly distinguished.	 A story that explains some of these is the Social Intelligence Hypothesis. If this is broadly correct, this points to the necessity of a considerable period of acculturation (social learning in context) if an artificial intelligence is to pass the TT. Whilst it is always possible to 'compile' the results of learning into a TM, this would not be a designed TM and would not be able to continually adapt (pass future TTs). We conclude three things, namely that: a purely "designed" TM will never pass the TT; that there is no such thing as a general intelligence since it necessary involves learning; and that learning/adaption and computation should be clearly distinguished.	418
What are the limits of deep learning?	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	375
What are the limits of deep learning?	Deep Convolutional Framelets: A General Deep Learning Framework for   Inverse Problems  Recently, deep learning approaches with various network architectures have achieved significant performance improvement over existing iterative reconstruction methods in various imaging problems. However, it is still unclear why these deep learning architectures work for specific inverse problems.  To address these issues, here we show that the long-searched-for missing link is the convolution framelets for representing a signal by convolving local and non-local bases. The convolution framelets was originally developed to generalize the theory of low-rank Hankel matrix approaches for inverse problems, and this paper further extends the idea so that we can obtain a deep neural network using multilayer convolution framelets with perfect reconstruction (PR) under rectilinear linear unit nonlinearity (ReLU).	Deep Convolutional Framelets: A General Deep Learning Framework for   Inverse Problems  Recently, deep learning approaches with various network architectures have achieved significant performance improvement over existing iterative reconstruction methods in various imaging problems. However, it is still unclear why these deep learning architectures work for specific inverse problems.  To address these issues, here we show that the long-searched-for missing link is the convolution framelets for representing a signal by convolving local and non-local bases. The convolution framelets was originally developed to generalize the theory of low-rank Hankel matrix approaches for inverse problems, and this paper further extends the idea so that we can obtain a deep neural network using multilayer convolution framelets with perfect reconstruction (PR) under rectilinear linear unit nonlinearity (ReLU).	353
What are the limits of deep learning?	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	380
What are the limits of deep learning?	 Deep learning also provides the tools for testing cognitive theories. In order to test a theory, we need to realise the proposed information-processing system at scale, so as to be able to assess its feasibility and emergent behaviours. Deep learning allows us to scale up from principles and circuit models to end-to-end trainable models capable of performing complex tasks.  There are many levels at which cognitive neuroscientists can use deep learning in their work, from inspiring theories to serving as full computational models. Ongoing advances in deep learning bring us closer to understanding how cognition and perception may be implemented in the brain -- the grand challenge at the core of cognitive neuroscience.	 There are many levels at which cognitive neuroscientists can use deep learning in their work, from inspiring theories to serving as full computational models. Ongoing advances in deep learning bring us closer to understanding how cognition and perception may be implemented in the brain -- the grand challenge at the core of cognitive neuroscience.	372
What are the limits of deep learning?	 The recent remarkable growth and outstanding performance of deep learning have attracted considerable research attention. However,even in state-of-the-art drug analysis methods, deep learning continues to be used only as a classifier, although deep learning is capable of not only simple classification but also automated feature extraction.  In this paper, we propose the first end-to-end learning method for CCI, named DeepCCI. Hidden features are derived from a simplified molecular input line entry system (SMILES), which is a string notation representing the chemical structure, instead of learning from crafted features. To discover hidden representations for the SMILES strings, we use convolutional neural networks (CNNs).	 The recent remarkable growth and outstanding performance of deep learning have attracted considerable research attention. However,even in state-of-the-art drug analysis methods, deep learning continues to be used only as a classifier, although deep learning is capable of not only simple classification but also automated feature extraction.  In this paper, we propose the first end-to-end learning method for CCI, named DeepCCI. Hidden features are derived from a simplified molecular input line entry system (SMILES), which is a string notation representing the chemical structure, instead of learning from crafted features. To discover hidden representations for the SMILES strings, we use convolutional neural networks (CNNs).	384
What is next for deep learning?	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	411
What is next for deep learning?	Deep Convolutional Framelets: A General Deep Learning Framework for   Inverse Problems  Recently, deep learning approaches with various network architectures have achieved significant performance improvement over existing iterative reconstruction methods in various imaging problems. However, it is still unclear why these deep learning architectures work for specific inverse problems.  To address these issues, here we show that the long-searched-for missing link is the convolution framelets for representing a signal by convolving local and non-local bases. The convolution framelets was originally developed to generalize the theory of low-rank Hankel matrix approaches for inverse problems, and this paper further extends the idea so that we can obtain a deep neural network using multilayer convolution framelets with perfect reconstruction (PR) under rectilinear linear unit nonlinearity (ReLU).	Deep Convolutional Framelets: A General Deep Learning Framework for   Inverse Problems  Recently, deep learning approaches with various network architectures have achieved significant performance improvement over existing iterative reconstruction methods in various imaging problems. However, it is still unclear why these deep learning architectures work for specific inverse problems.  To address these issues, here we show that the long-searched-for missing link is the convolution framelets for representing a signal by convolving local and non-local bases. The convolution framelets was originally developed to generalize the theory of low-rank Hankel matrix approaches for inverse problems, and this paper further extends the idea so that we can obtain a deep neural network using multilayer convolution framelets with perfect reconstruction (PR) under rectilinear linear unit nonlinearity (ReLU).	410
What is next for deep learning?	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	419
What is next for deep learning?	 The recent remarkable growth and outstanding performance of deep learning have attracted considerable research attention. However,even in state-of-the-art drug analysis methods, deep learning continues to be used only as a classifier, although deep learning is capable of not only simple classification but also automated feature extraction.  In this paper, we propose the first end-to-end learning method for CCI, named DeepCCI. Hidden features are derived from a simplified molecular input line entry system (SMILES), which is a string notation representing the chemical structure, instead of learning from crafted features. To discover hidden representations for the SMILES strings, we use convolutional neural networks (CNNs).	 The recent remarkable growth and outstanding performance of deep learning have attracted considerable research attention. However,even in state-of-the-art drug analysis methods, deep learning continues to be used only as a classifier, although deep learning is capable of not only simple classification but also automated feature extraction.  In this paper, we propose the first end-to-end learning method for CCI, named DeepCCI. Hidden features are derived from a simplified molecular input line entry system (SMILES), which is a string notation representing the chemical structure, instead of learning from crafted features. To discover hidden representations for the SMILES strings, we use convolutional neural networks (CNNs).	410
What is next for deep learning?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	408
What other ML areas can replace deep learning in the future?	 In this short review, we cover the recent advances made in the field of recommendation using various variants of deep learning technology. We organize the review in three parts: Collaborative system, Content based system and Hybrid system. The review also discusses the contribution of deep learning integrated recommendation systems into several application domains.  The review concludes by discussion of the impact of deep learning in recommendation system in various domain and whether deep learning has shown any significant improvement over the conventional systems for recommendation. Finally, we also provide future directions of research which are possible based on the current state of use of deep learning in recommendation systems.	 The review concludes by discussion of the impact of deep learning in recommendation system in various domain and whether deep learning has shown any significant improvement over the conventional systems for recommendation. Finally, we also provide future directions of research which are possible based on the current state of use of deep learning in recommendation systems.	368
What other ML areas can replace deep learning in the future?	On Incorporating Semantic Prior Knowledge in Deep Learning Through   Embedding-Space Constraints  The knowledge that humans hold about a problem often extends far beyond a set of training data and output labels. While the success of deep learning mostly relies on supervised training, important properties cannot be inferred efficiently from end-to-end annotations alone, for example causal relations or domain-specific invariances.  We present a general technique to supplement supervised training with prior knowledge expressed as relations between training instances. We illustrate the method on the task of visual question answering to exploit various auxiliary annotations, including relations of equivalence and of logical entailment between questions.	On Incorporating Semantic Prior Knowledge in Deep Learning Through   Embedding-Space Constraints  The knowledge that humans hold about a problem often extends far beyond a set of training data and output labels. While the success of deep learning mostly relies on supervised training, important properties cannot be inferred efficiently from end-to-end annotations alone, for example causal relations or domain-specific invariances.  We present a general technique to supplement supervised training with prior knowledge expressed as relations between training instances. We illustrate the method on the task of visual question answering to exploit various auxiliary annotations, including relations of equivalence and of logical entailment between questions.	383
What other ML areas can replace deep learning in the future?	 Protein function based on EC numbers is predicted from the approximated electron density field. In another experiment, the activity of small molecules is predicted with quality comparable to state-of-the-art descriptor-based methods. We propose several alternative computational models for the GPU with different memory and runtime requirements for different sizes of molecules and of databases.  We also propose application-specific multi-channel data representations. With future improvements of training datasets and neural network settings in combination with complementary information sources (sequence, genomic context, expression level), deep learning can be expected to show its generalization power and revolutionize the field of molecular function prediction.	 We also propose application-specific multi-channel data representations. With future improvements of training datasets and neural network settings in combination with complementary information sources (sequence, genomic context, expression level), deep learning can be expected to show its generalization power and revolutionize the field of molecular function prediction.	373
What other ML areas can replace deep learning in the future?	 For example, from the perspective of quantum mechanics and statistical physics, this dissertation presents the calculation methods for convolution calculation, pooling, normalization, and Restricted Boltzmann Machine, as well as the selection of cost functions, explains why deep learning must be deep, what characteristics are learned in deep learning, why Convolutional Neural Networks do not have to be trained layer by layer, and the limitations of deep learning, etc., and proposes the theoretical direction and basis for the further development of deep learning now and in the future. The brilliance of physics flashes in deep learning, we try to establish the deep learning technology based on the scientific theory of physics.	 For example, from the perspective of quantum mechanics and statistical physics, this dissertation presents the calculation methods for convolution calculation, pooling, normalization, and Restricted Boltzmann Machine, as well as the selection of cost functions, explains why deep learning must be deep, what characteristics are learned in deep learning, why Convolutional Neural Networks do not have to be trained layer by layer, and the limitations of deep learning, etc., and proposes the theoretical direction and basis for the further development of deep learning now and in the future. The brilliance of physics flashes in deep learning, we try to establish the deep learning technology based on the scientific theory of physics.	368
What other ML areas can replace deep learning in the future?	 Therefore, improving the performance of these models could make a strong impact in the area of machine learning. However, deep learning is a very fast-growing research domain with many core methodologies and paradigms just discovered over the last few years. This thesis will first serve as a short summary of deep learning, which tries to include all of the most important ideas in this research area.	 Therefore, improving the performance of these models could make a strong impact in the area of machine learning. However, deep learning is a very fast-growing research domain with many core methodologies and paradigms just discovered over the last few years. This thesis will first serve as a short summary of deep learning, which tries to include all of the most important ideas in this research area.	368
What is the best back propagation (deep learning) presentation for dummies?	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	257
What is the best back propagation (deep learning) presentation for dummies?	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	260
What is the best back propagation (deep learning) presentation for dummies?	Learning credit assignment  Deep learning has achieved impressive prediction accuracies in a variety of scientific and industrial domains. However, the nested non-linear feature of deep learning makes the learning highly non-transparent, i.e., it is still unknown how the learning coordinates a huge number of parameters to achieve a decision making.  To explain this hierarchical credit assignment, we propose a mean-field learning model by assuming that an ensemble of sub-networks, rather than a single network, are trained for a classification task. Surprisingly, our model reveals that apart from some deterministic synaptic weights connecting two neurons at neighboring layers, there exist a large number of connections that can be absent, and other connections can allow for a broad distribution of their weight values.	Learning credit assignment  Deep learning has achieved impressive prediction accuracies in a variety of scientific and industrial domains. However, the nested non-linear feature of deep learning makes the learning highly non-transparent, i.e., it is still unknown how the learning coordinates a huge number of parameters to achieve a decision making.  To explain this hierarchical credit assignment, we propose a mean-field learning model by assuming that an ensemble of sub-networks, rather than a single network, are trained for a classification task. Surprisingly, our model reveals that apart from some deterministic synaptic weights connecting two neurons at neighboring layers, there exist a large number of connections that can be absent, and other connections can allow for a broad distribution of their weight values.	262
What is the best back propagation (deep learning) presentation for dummies?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	244
What is the best back propagation (deep learning) presentation for dummies?	 Therefore, improving the performance of these models could make a strong impact in the area of machine learning. However, deep learning is a very fast-growing research domain with many core methodologies and paradigms just discovered over the last few years. This thesis will first serve as a short summary of deep learning, which tries to include all of the most important ideas in this research area.	 Therefore, improving the performance of these models could make a strong impact in the area of machine learning. However, deep learning is a very fast-growing research domain with many core methodologies and paradigms just discovered over the last few years. This thesis will first serve as a short summary of deep learning, which tries to include all of the most important ideas in this research area.	262
Does anyone ever use a softmax layer mid-neural network rather than at the end?	 The connection leads us to a simple yet efficient method for sampling from this model, where the basic idea is to anneal the leakiness rather than the energy; -- i.e., start from a fully Gaussian/Linear unit and gradually decrease the leakiness over iterations. This serves as an alternative to the annealing of the temperature parameter and enables numerical estimation of the likelihood that are more efficient and more accurate than the commonly used annealed importance sampling (AIS). We further demonstrate that the proposed sampling algorithm enjoys faster mixing property than contrastive divergence algorithm, which benefits the training without any additional computational cost.	 The connection leads us to a simple yet efficient method for sampling from this model, where the basic idea is to anneal the leakiness rather than the energy; -- i.e., start from a fully Gaussian/Linear unit and gradually decrease the leakiness over iterations. This serves as an alternative to the annealing of the temperature parameter and enables numerical estimation of the likelihood that are more efficient and more accurate than the commonly used annealed importance sampling (AIS). We further demonstrate that the proposed sampling algorithm enjoys faster mixing property than contrastive divergence algorithm, which benefits the training without any additional computational cost.	342
Does anyone ever use a softmax layer mid-neural network rather than at the end?	 A theoretic framework that incorporates softmax as an intrinsic component is still lacking. In this paper, we view neural networks embedding softmax from an information-theoretic perspective. Under this view, we can naturally and mathematically derive log-softmax as an inherent component in a neural network for evaluating the conditional mutual information between network output vectors and labels given an input datum.	 A theoretic framework that incorporates softmax as an intrinsic component is still lacking. In this paper, we view neural networks embedding softmax from an information-theoretic perspective. Under this view, we can naturally and mathematically derive log-softmax as an inherent component in a neural network for evaluating the conditional mutual information between network output vectors and labels given an input datum.	314
Does anyone ever use a softmax layer mid-neural network rather than at the end?	 The Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) network has been proven to be well suited for dealing with and predicting important events with long intervals and delays in the time series. LTSM networks have the ability to maintain long-term memory. In an LTSM network, a stacked LSTM hidden layer also makes it possible to learn a high level temporal feature without the need of any fine tuning and preprocessing which would be required by other techniques.	 The Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) network has been proven to be well suited for dealing with and predicting important events with long intervals and delays in the time series. LTSM networks have the ability to maintain long-term memory. In an LTSM network, a stacked LSTM hidden layer also makes it possible to learn a high level temporal feature without the need of any fine tuning and preprocessing which would be required by other techniques.	346
Does anyone ever use a softmax layer mid-neural network rather than at the end?	Verification of Recurrent Neural Networks Through Rule Extraction  The verification problem for neural networks is verifying whether a neural network will suffer from adversarial samples, or approximating the maximal allowed scale of adversarial perturbation that can be endured. While most prior work contributes to verifying feed-forward networks, little has been explored for verifying recurrent networks.  This is due to the existence of a more rigorous constraint on the perturbation space for sequential data, and the lack of a proper metric for measuring the perturbation. In this work, we address these challenges by proposing a metric which measures the distance between strings, and use deterministic finite automata (DFA) to represent a rigorous oracle which examines if the generated adversarial samples violate certain constraints on a perturbation.	Verification of Recurrent Neural Networks Through Rule Extraction  The verification problem for neural networks is verifying whether a neural network will suffer from adversarial samples, or approximating the maximal allowed scale of adversarial perturbation that can be endured. While most prior work contributes to verifying feed-forward networks, little has been explored for verifying recurrent networks.  This is due to the existence of a more rigorous constraint on the perturbation space for sequential data, and the lack of a proper metric for measuring the perturbation. In this work, we address these challenges by proposing a metric which measures the distance between strings, and use deterministic finite automata (DFA) to represent a rigorous oracle which examines if the generated adversarial samples violate certain constraints on a perturbation.	346
Does anyone ever use a softmax layer mid-neural network rather than at the end?	 Among them, neural networks (NN) is an important black-box method thanks to its universal approximation capability and less dependency on prior information. However, there are several challenges associated with NN. The first one lies in the design of a proper neural network structure. A relatively simple network cannot approximate the feature of the system, while a complex model may lead to overfitting.  The second lies in the availability of data for some nonlinear systems. For some systems, it is difficult to collect enough data to train a neural network. This raises the challenge that how to train a neural network for system identification with a small dataset. In addition, if the uncertainty of the NN parameter could be obtained, it would be also beneficial for further analysis.	 Among them, neural networks (NN) is an important black-box method thanks to its universal approximation capability and less dependency on prior information. However, there are several challenges associated with NN. The first one lies in the design of a proper neural network structure. A relatively simple network cannot approximate the feature of the system, while a complex model may lead to overfitting.  The second lies in the availability of data for some nonlinear systems. For some systems, it is difficult to collect enough data to train a neural network. This raises the challenge that how to train a neural network for system identification with a small dataset. In addition, if the uncertainty of the NN parameter could be obtained, it would be also beneficial for further analysis.	336
Whats the difference between backpropagation and backpropagation through time?	Inferring Multidimensional Rates of Aging from Cross-Sectional Data  Modeling how individuals evolve over time is a fundamental problem in the natural and social sciences. However, existing datasets are often cross-sectional with each individual observed only once, making it impossible to apply traditional time-series methods.	Inferring Multidimensional Rates of Aging from Cross-Sectional Data  Modeling how individuals evolve over time is a fundamental problem in the natural and social sciences. However, existing datasets are often cross-sectional with each individual observed only once, making it impossible to apply traditional time-series methods.	326
Whats the difference between backpropagation and backpropagation through time?	Network Inference via the Time-Varying Graphical Lasso  Many important problems can be modeled as a system of interconnected entities, where each entity is recording time-dependent observations or measurements. In order to spot trends, detect anomalies, and interpret the temporal dynamics of such data, it is essential to understand the relationships between the different entities and how these relationships evolve over time.  In this paper, we introduce the time-varying graphical lasso (TVGL), a method of inferring time-varying networks from raw time series data. We cast the problem in terms of estimating a sparse time-varying inverse covariance matrix, which reveals a dynamic network of interdependencies between the entities.	Network Inference via the Time-Varying Graphical Lasso  Many important problems can be modeled as a system of interconnected entities, where each entity is recording time-dependent observations or measurements. In order to spot trends, detect anomalies, and interpret the temporal dynamics of such data, it is essential to understand the relationships between the different entities and how these relationships evolve over time.  In this paper, we introduce the time-varying graphical lasso (TVGL), a method of inferring time-varying networks from raw time series data. We cast the problem in terms of estimating a sparse time-varying inverse covariance matrix, which reveals a dynamic network of interdependencies between the entities.	322
Whats the difference between backpropagation and backpropagation through time?	Backprop Diffusion is Biologically Plausible  The Backpropagation algorithm relies on the abstraction of using a neural model that gets rid of the notion of time, since the input is mapped instantaneously to the output. In this paper, we claim that this abstraction of ignoring time, along with the abrupt input changes that occur when feeding the training set, are in fact the reasons why, in some papers, Backprop biological plausibility is regarded as an arguable issue.	Backprop Diffusion is Biologically Plausible  The Backpropagation algorithm relies on the abstraction of using a neural model that gets rid of the notion of time, since the input is mapped instantaneously to the output. In this paper, we claim that this abstraction of ignoring time, along with the abrupt input changes that occur when feeding the training set, are in fact the reasons why, in some papers, Backprop biological plausibility is regarded as an arguable issue.	334
Whats the difference between backpropagation and backpropagation through time?	 How to detect fraudsters in time is a challenging problem. Most of the existing approaches adopt classifiers to predict fraudsters given their activity sequences along time. The main drawback of classification models is that the prediction results between consecutive timestamps are often inconsistent.  In this paper, we propose a survival analysis based fraud early detection model, SAFE, which maps dynamic user activities to survival probabilities that are guaranteed to be monotonically decreasing along time. SAFE adopts recurrent neural network (RNN) to handle user activity sequences and directly outputs hazard values at each timestamp, and then, survival probability derived from hazard values is deployed to achieve consistent predictions.	 How to detect fraudsters in time is a challenging problem. Most of the existing approaches adopt classifiers to predict fraudsters given their activity sequences along time. The main drawback of classification models is that the prediction results between consecutive timestamps are often inconsistent.  In this paper, we propose a survival analysis based fraud early detection model, SAFE, which maps dynamic user activities to survival probabilities that are guaranteed to be monotonically decreasing along time. SAFE adopts recurrent neural network (RNN) to handle user activity sequences and directly outputs hazard values at each timestamp, and then, survival probability derived from hazard values is deployed to achieve consistent predictions.	333
Whats the difference between backpropagation and backpropagation through time?	 This makes BPTT both computationally impractical and biologically implausible. For this reason, full backpropagation through time is rarely used on long sequences, and truncated backpropagation through time is used as a heuristic. However, this usually leads to biased estimates of the gradient in which longer term dependencies are ignored.  Addressing this issue, we propose an alternative algorithm, Sparse Attentive Backtracking, which might also be related to principles used by brains to learn long-term dependencies. Sparse Attentive Backtracking learns an attention mechanism over the hidden states of the past and selectively backpropagates through paths with high attention weights. This allows the model to learn long term dependencies while only backtracking for a small number of time steps, not just from the recent past but also from attended relevant past states.	 This makes BPTT both computationally impractical and biologically implausible. For this reason, full backpropagation through time is rarely used on long sequences, and truncated backpropagation through time is used as a heuristic. However, this usually leads to biased estimates of the gradient in which longer term dependencies are ignored.  Addressing this issue, we propose an alternative algorithm, Sparse Attentive Backtracking, which might also be related to principles used by brains to learn long-term dependencies. Sparse Attentive Backtracking learns an attention mechanism over the hidden states of the past and selectively backpropagates through paths with high attention weights. This allows the model to learn long term dependencies while only backtracking for a small number of time steps, not just from the recent past but also from attended relevant past states.	322
What is the best visual explanation for the back propagation algorithm for neural networks?	ExGate: Externally Controlled Gating for Feature-based Attention in   Artificial Neural Networks  Perceptual capabilities of artificial systems have come a long way since the advent of deep learning. These methods have proven to be effective, however they are not as efficient as their biological counterparts.  Visual attention is a set of mechanisms that are employed in biological visual systems to ease computational load by only processing pertinent parts of the stimuli. This paper addresses the implementation of top-down, feature-based attention in an artificial neural network by use of externally controlled neuron gating.  Our results showed a 5% increase in classification accuracy on the CIFAR-10 dataset versus a non-gated version, while adding very few parameters. Our gated model also produces more reasonable errors in predictions by drastically reducing prediction of classes that belong to a different category to the true class.	 Visual attention is a set of mechanisms that are employed in biological visual systems to ease computational load by only processing pertinent parts of the stimuli. This paper addresses the implementation of top-down, feature-based attention in an artificial neural network by use of externally controlled neuron gating.	292
What is the best visual explanation for the back propagation algorithm for neural networks?	Visualizing the PHATE of Neural Networks  Understanding why and how certain neural networks outperform others is key to guiding future development of network architectures and optimization methods. To this end, we introduce a novel visualization algorithm that reveals the internal geometry of such networks: Multislice PHATE (M-PHATE), the first method designed explicitly to visualize how a neural network's hidden representations of data evolve throughout the course of training.  We demonstrate that our visualization provides intuitive, detailed summaries of the learning dynamics beyond simple global measures (i.e., validation loss and accuracy), without the need to access validation data. Furthermore, M-PHATE better captures both the dynamics and community structure of the hidden units as compared to visualization based on standard dimensionality reduction methods (e.	Visualizing the PHATE of Neural Networks  Understanding why and how certain neural networks outperform others is key to guiding future development of network architectures and optimization methods. To this end, we introduce a novel visualization algorithm that reveals the internal geometry of such networks: Multislice PHATE (M-PHATE), the first method designed explicitly to visualize how a neural network's hidden representations of data evolve throughout the course of training.  We demonstrate that our visualization provides intuitive, detailed summaries of the learning dynamics beyond simple global measures (i.e., validation loss and accuracy), without the need to access validation data. Furthermore, M-PHATE better captures both the dynamics and community structure of the hidden units as compared to visualization based on standard dimensionality reduction methods (e.	261
What is the best visual explanation for the back propagation algorithm for neural networks?	 However, their use in odometry estimation is hampered by the lack of robust visual features. In part, this is as a result of the sensor measuring the ambient temperature profile rather than scene appearance and geometry. To overcome this issue, we propose a Deep Neural Network model for thermal-inertial odometry (DeepTIO) by incorporating a visual hallucination network to provide the thermal network with complementary information.  The hallucination network is taught to predict fake visual features from thermal images by using Huber loss. We also employ selective fusion to attentively fuse the features from three different modalities, i.e thermal, hallucination, and inertial features. Extensive experiments are performed in hand-held and mobile robot data in benign and smoke-filled environments, showing the efficacy of the proposed model.	 However, their use in odometry estimation is hampered by the lack of robust visual features. In part, this is as a result of the sensor measuring the ambient temperature profile rather than scene appearance and geometry. To overcome this issue, we propose a Deep Neural Network model for thermal-inertial odometry (DeepTIO) by incorporating a visual hallucination network to provide the thermal network with complementary information.  The hallucination network is taught to predict fake visual features from thermal images by using Huber loss. We also employ selective fusion to attentively fuse the features from three different modalities, i.e thermal, hallucination, and inertial features. Extensive experiments are performed in hand-held and mobile robot data in benign and smoke-filled environments, showing the efficacy of the proposed model.	281
What is the best visual explanation for the back propagation algorithm for neural networks?	Investigating the influence of noise and distractors on the   interpretation of neural networks  Understanding neural networks is becoming increasingly important. Over the last few years different types of visualisation and explanation methods have been proposed. However, none of them explicitly considered the behaviour in the presence of noise and distracting elements. In this work, we will show how noise and distracting dimensions can influence the result of an explanation model. This gives a new theoretical insights to aid selection of the most appropriate explanation model within the deep-Taylor decomposition framework.	Investigating the influence of noise and distractors on the   interpretation of neural networks  Understanding neural networks is becoming increasingly important. Over the last few years different types of visualisation and explanation methods have been proposed. However, none of them explicitly considered the behaviour in the presence of noise and distracting elements. In this work, we will show how noise and distracting dimensions can influence the result of an explanation model. This gives a new theoretical insights to aid selection of the most appropriate explanation model within the deep-Taylor decomposition framework.	303
What is the best visual explanation for the back propagation algorithm for neural networks?	Video Action Recognition Via Neural Architecture Searching  Deep neural networks have achieved great success for video analysis and understanding. However, designing a high-performance neural architecture requires substantial efforts and expertise. In this paper, we make the first attempt to let algorithm automatically design neural networks for video action recognition tasks.  Specifically, a spatio-temporal network is developed in a differentiable space modeled by a directed acyclic graph, thus a gradient-based strategy can be performed to search an optimal architecture. Nonetheless, it is computationally expensive, since the computational burden to evaluate each architecture candidate is still heavy.	Video Action Recognition Via Neural Architecture Searching  Deep neural networks have achieved great success for video analysis and understanding. However, designing a high-performance neural architecture requires substantial efforts and expertise. In this paper, we make the first attempt to let algorithm automatically design neural networks for video action recognition tasks.  Specifically, a spatio-temporal network is developed in a differentiable space modeled by a directed acyclic graph, thus a gradient-based strategy can be performed to search an optimal architecture. Nonetheless, it is computationally expensive, since the computational burden to evaluate each architecture candidate is still heavy.	287
What is the practical usage of batch normalization in neural networks?	U-Net Training with Instance-Layer Normalization  Normalization layers are essential in a Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN). Various normalization methods have been proposed. The statistics used to normalize the feature maps can be computed at batch, channel, or instance level. However, in most of existing methods, the normalization for each layer is fixed.  Batch-Instance Normalization (BIN) is one of the first proposed methods that combines two different normalization methods and achieve diverse normalization for different layers. However, two potential issues exist in BIN: first, the Clip function is not differentiable at input values of 0 and 1; second, the combined feature map is not with a normalized distribution which is harmful for signal propagation in DCNN.	U-Net Training with Instance-Layer Normalization  Normalization layers are essential in a Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN). Various normalization methods have been proposed. The statistics used to normalize the feature maps can be computed at batch, channel, or instance level. However, in most of existing methods, the normalization for each layer is fixed.  Batch-Instance Normalization (BIN) is one of the first proposed methods that combines two different normalization methods and achieve diverse normalization for different layers. However, two potential issues exist in BIN: first, the Clip function is not differentiable at input values of 0 and 1; second, the combined feature map is not with a normalized distribution which is harmful for signal propagation in DCNN.	309
What is the practical usage of batch normalization in neural networks?	When Can Neural Networks Learn Connected Decision Regions?  Previous work has questioned the conditions under which the decision regions of a neural network are connected and further showed the implications of the corresponding theory to the problem of adversarial manipulation of classifiers. It has been proven that for a class of activation functions including leaky ReLU, neural networks having a pyramidal structure, that is no layer has more hidden units than the input dimension, produce necessarily connected decision regions.	When Can Neural Networks Learn Connected Decision Regions?  Previous work has questioned the conditions under which the decision regions of a neural network are connected and further showed the implications of the corresponding theory to the problem of adversarial manipulation of classifiers. It has been proven that for a class of activation functions including leaky ReLU, neural networks having a pyramidal structure, that is no layer has more hidden units than the input dimension, produce necessarily connected decision regions.	320
What is the practical usage of batch normalization in neural networks?	 However, in some case the abnormal status are largely rarer than normal status, which leads to decision bias of these methods. Generative adversarial network (GAN) has been proposed to handle the case. With its strong generative ability, it only needs to learn the distribution of normal status, and identify the abnormal status through the gap between it and the learned distribution.  Nevertheless, existing GAN-based models are not suitable to process data with discrete values, leading to immense degradation of detection performance. To cope with the discrete features, in this paper, we propose an efficient GAN-based model with specifically-designed loss function. Experiment results show that our model outperforms state-of-the-art models on discrete dataset and remarkably reduce the overhead.	 However, in some case the abnormal status are largely rarer than normal status, which leads to decision bias of these methods. Generative adversarial network (GAN) has been proposed to handle the case. With its strong generative ability, it only needs to learn the distribution of normal status, and identify the abnormal status through the gap between it and the learned distribution.  Nevertheless, existing GAN-based models are not suitable to process data with discrete values, leading to immense degradation of detection performance. To cope with the discrete features, in this paper, we propose an efficient GAN-based model with specifically-designed loss function. Experiment results show that our model outperforms state-of-the-art models on discrete dataset and remarkably reduce the overhead.	315
What is the practical usage of batch normalization in neural networks?	Adversarial VC-dimension and Sample Complexity of Neural Networks  Adversarial attacks during the testing phase of neural networks pose a challenge for the deployment of neural networks in security critical settings. These attacks can be performed by adding noise that is imperceptible to humans on top of the original data.  By doing so, an attacker can create an adversarial sample, which will cause neural networks to misclassify. In this paper, we seek to understand the theoretical limits of what can be learned by neural networks in the presence of an adversary. We first defined the hypothesis space of a neural network, and showed the relationship between the growth number of the entire neural network and the growth number of each neuron. Combine that with the adversarial Vapnik-Chervonenkis(VC)-dimension of halfspace classifiers, we concluded the adversarial VC-dimension of the neural networks with sign activation functions.	 By doing so, an attacker can create an adversarial sample, which will cause neural networks to misclassify. In this paper, we seek to understand the theoretical limits of what can be learned by neural networks in the presence of an adversary. We first defined the hypothesis space of a neural network, and showed the relationship between the growth number of the entire neural network and the growth number of each neuron. Combine that with the adversarial Vapnik-Chervonenkis(VC)-dimension of halfspace classifiers, we concluded the adversarial VC-dimension of the neural networks with sign activation functions.	321
What is the practical usage of batch normalization in neural networks?	Four Things Everyone Should Know to Improve Batch Normalization  A key component of most neural network architectures is the use of normalization layers, such as Batch Normalization. Despite its common use and large utility in optimizing deep architectures, it has been challenging both to generically improve upon Batch Normalization and to understand the circumstances that lend themselves to other enhancements.  In this paper, we identify four improvements to the generic form of Batch Normalization and the circumstances under which they work, yielding performance gains across all batch sizes while requiring no additional computation during training. These contributions include proposing a method for reasoning about the current example in inference normalization statistics, fixing a training vs.	Four Things Everyone Should Know to Improve Batch Normalization  A key component of most neural network architectures is the use of normalization layers, such as Batch Normalization. Despite its common use and large utility in optimizing deep architectures, it has been challenging both to generically improve upon Batch Normalization and to understand the circumstances that lend themselves to other enhancements.  In this paper, we identify four improvements to the generic form of Batch Normalization and the circumstances under which they work, yielding performance gains across all batch sizes while requiring no additional computation during training. These contributions include proposing a method for reasoning about the current example in inference normalization statistics, fixing a training vs.	311
In laymans terms, what is batch normalisation, what does it do, and why does it work so well?	 We derive an improved algorithm to compute the proximity operator of the squared box-norm, and we provide a method to compute the norm. We extend the norms to matrices, introducing the spectral k-support norm and spectral box-norm. We note that the spectral box-norm is essentially equivalent to the cluster norm, a multitask learning regularizer introduced by [Jacob et al.  2009a], and which in turn can be interpreted as a perturbation of the spectral k-support norm. Centering the norm is important for multitask learning and we also provide a method to use centered versions of the norms as regularizers. Numerical experiments indicate that the spectral k-support and box-norms and their centered variants provide state of the art performance in matrix completion and multitask learning problems respectively.	 We derive an improved algorithm to compute the proximity operator of the squared box-norm, and we provide a method to compute the norm. We extend the norms to matrices, introducing the spectral k-support norm and spectral box-norm. We note that the spectral box-norm is essentially equivalent to the cluster norm, a multitask learning regularizer introduced by [Jacob et al.  2009a], and which in turn can be interpreted as a perturbation of the spectral k-support norm. Centering the norm is important for multitask learning and we also provide a method to use centered versions of the norms as regularizers. Numerical experiments indicate that the spectral k-support and box-norms and their centered variants provide state of the art performance in matrix completion and multitask learning problems respectively.	391
In laymans terms, what is batch normalisation, what does it do, and why does it work so well?	 It is common in the context of new optimization methods to prove convergence or derive regret bounds under the assumption of Lipschitz continuity and convexity. However, even though LARS and PercentDelta were shown to work well in practice, there is no theoretical analysis of the convergence properties of these algorithms.  Thus it is not clear if the idea of gradient descent with proportional updates is used in the optimal way, or if it could be improved by using a different norm or specific learning rate schedule, for example. Moreover, it is not clear if these algorithms can be extended to other problems, besides neural networks. We attempt to answer these questions by establishing the theoretical analysis of gradient descent with proportional updates, and verifying this analysis with empirical examples.	 It is common in the context of new optimization methods to prove convergence or derive regret bounds under the assumption of Lipschitz continuity and convexity. However, even though LARS and PercentDelta were shown to work well in practice, there is no theoretical analysis of the convergence properties of these algorithms.  Thus it is not clear if the idea of gradient descent with proportional updates is used in the optimal way, or if it could be improved by using a different norm or specific learning rate schedule, for example. Moreover, it is not clear if these algorithms can be extended to other problems, besides neural networks. We attempt to answer these questions by establishing the theoretical analysis of gradient descent with proportional updates, and verifying this analysis with empirical examples.	389
In laymans terms, what is batch normalisation, what does it do, and why does it work so well?	 The basic motivation behind these methods is that orthogonal transformations are isometries of the Euclidean space, hence they preserve (Euclidean) norms and effectively deal with vanishing/exploding gradients. However, this ignores the crucial effects of non-linearity and noise. In the presence of a non-linearity, orthogonal transformations no longer preserve norms, suggesting that alternative transformations might be better suited to non-linear networks.  Moreover, in the presence of noise, norm preservation itself ceases to be the ideal objective. A more sensible objective is maximizing the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of the propagated signal instead. Previous work has shown that in the linear case, recurrent networks that maximize the SNR display strongly non-normal, sequential dynamics and orthogonal networks are highly suboptimal by this measure.	 The basic motivation behind these methods is that orthogonal transformations are isometries of the Euclidean space, hence they preserve (Euclidean) norms and effectively deal with vanishing/exploding gradients. However, this ignores the crucial effects of non-linearity and noise. In the presence of a non-linearity, orthogonal transformations no longer preserve norms, suggesting that alternative transformations might be better suited to non-linear networks.  Moreover, in the presence of noise, norm preservation itself ceases to be the ideal objective. A more sensible objective is maximizing the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of the propagated signal instead. Previous work has shown that in the linear case, recurrent networks that maximize the SNR display strongly non-normal, sequential dynamics and orthogonal networks are highly suboptimal by this measure.	381
In laymans terms, what is batch normalisation, what does it do, and why does it work so well?	Towards Understanding the Role of Over-Parametrization in Generalization   of Neural Networks  Despite existing work on ensuring generalization of neural networks in terms of scale sensitive complexity measures, such as norms, margin and sharpness, these complexity measures do not offer an explanation of why neural networks generalize better with over-parametrization.  In this work we suggest a novel complexity measure based on unit-wise capacities resulting in a tighter generalization bound for two layer ReLU networks. Our capacity bound correlates with the behavior of test error with increasing network sizes, and could potentially explain the improvement in generalization with over-parametrization. We further present a matching lower bound for the Rademacher complexity that improves over previous capacity lower bounds for neural networks.	Towards Understanding the Role of Over-Parametrization in Generalization   of Neural Networks  Despite existing work on ensuring generalization of neural networks in terms of scale sensitive complexity measures, such as norms, margin and sharpness, these complexity measures do not offer an explanation of why neural networks generalize better with over-parametrization.  In this work we suggest a novel complexity measure based on unit-wise capacities resulting in a tighter generalization bound for two layer ReLU networks. Our capacity bound correlates with the behavior of test error with increasing network sizes, and could potentially explain the improvement in generalization with over-parametrization. We further present a matching lower bound for the Rademacher complexity that improves over previous capacity lower bounds for neural networks.	377
In laymans terms, what is batch normalisation, what does it do, and why does it work so well?	Instance-Level Meta Normalization  This paper presents a normalization mechanism called Instance-Level Meta Normalization (ILM~Norm) to address a learning-to-normalize problem. ILM~Norm learns to predict the normalization parameters via both the feature feed-forward and the gradient back-propagation paths.  ILM~Norm provides a meta normalization mechanism and has several good properties. It can be easily plugged into existing instance-level normalization schemes such as Instance Normalization, Layer Normalization, or Group Normalization. ILM~Norm normalizes each instance individually and therefore maintains high performance even when small mini-batch is used. The experimental results show that ILM~Norm well adapts to different network architectures and tasks, and it consistently improves the performance of the original models. The code is available at url{https://github.com/Gasoonjia/ILM-Norm.	 ILM~Norm provides a meta normalization mechanism and has several good properties. It can be easily plugged into existing instance-level normalization schemes such as Instance Normalization, Layer Normalization, or Group Normalization. ILM~Norm normalizes each instance individually and therefore maintains high performance even when small mini-batch is used. The experimental results show that ILM~Norm well adapts to different network architectures and tasks, and it consistently improves the performance of the original models. The code is available at url{https://github.com/Gasoonjia/ILM-Norm.	389
Does using Batch Normalization reduce the capacity of a deep neural network?	Training Robust Deep Neural Networks via Adversarial Noise Propagation  In practice, deep neural networks have been found to be vulnerable to various types of noise, such as adversarial examples and corruption. Various adversarial defense methods have accordingly been developed to improve adversarial robustness for deep models.  However, simply training on data mixed with adversarial examples, most of these models still fail to defend against the generalized types of noise. Motivated by the fact that hidden layers play a highly important role in maintaining a robust model, this paper proposes a simple yet powerful training algorithm, named \emph{Adversarial Noise Propagation} (ANP), which injects noise into the hidden layers in a layer-wise manner.	Training Robust Deep Neural Networks via Adversarial Noise Propagation  In practice, deep neural networks have been found to be vulnerable to various types of noise, such as adversarial examples and corruption. Various adversarial defense methods have accordingly been developed to improve adversarial robustness for deep models.  However, simply training on data mixed with adversarial examples, most of these models still fail to defend against the generalized types of noise. Motivated by the fact that hidden layers play a highly important role in maintaining a robust model, this paper proposes a simple yet powerful training algorithm, named \emph{Adversarial Noise Propagation} (ANP), which injects noise into the hidden layers in a layer-wise manner.	346
Does using Batch Normalization reduce the capacity of a deep neural network?	A Closer Look at Memorization in Deep Networks  We examine the role of memorization in deep learning, drawing connections to capacity, generalization, and adversarial robustness. While deep networks are capable of memorizing noise data, our results suggest that they tend to prioritize learning simple patterns first.  In our experiments, we expose qualitative differences in gradient-based optimization of deep neural networks (DNNs) on noise vs. real data. We also demonstrate that for appropriately tuned explicit regularization (e.g., dropout) we can degrade DNN training performance on noise datasets without compromising generalization on real data. Our analysis suggests that the notions of effective capacity which are dataset independent are unlikely to explain the generalization performance of deep networks when trained with gradient based methods because training data itself plays an important role in determining the degree of memorization.	A Closer Look at Memorization in Deep Networks  We examine the role of memorization in deep learning, drawing connections to capacity, generalization, and adversarial robustness. While deep networks are capable of memorizing noise data, our results suggest that they tend to prioritize learning simple patterns first.  In our experiments, we expose qualitative differences in gradient-based optimization of deep neural networks (DNNs) on noise vs. real data. We also demonstrate that for appropriately tuned explicit regularization (e.g., dropout) we can degrade DNN training performance on noise datasets without compromising generalization on real data. Our analysis suggests that the notions of effective capacity which are dataset independent are unlikely to explain the generalization performance of deep networks when trained with gradient based methods because training data itself plays an important role in determining the degree of memorization.	328
Does using Batch Normalization reduce the capacity of a deep neural network?	L2 Regularization versus Batch and Weight Normalization  Batch Normalization is a commonly used trick to improve the training of deep neural networks. These neural networks use L2 regularization, also called weight decay, ostensibly to prevent overfitting. However, we show that L2 regularization has no regularizing effect when combined with normalization.  Instead, regularization has an influence on the scale of weights, and thereby on the effective learning rate. We investigate this dependence, both in theory, and experimentally. We show that popular optimization methods such as ADAM only partially eliminate the influence of normalization on the learning rate. This leads to a discussion on other ways to mitigate this issue.	L2 Regularization versus Batch and Weight Normalization  Batch Normalization is a commonly used trick to improve the training of deep neural networks. These neural networks use L2 regularization, also called weight decay, ostensibly to prevent overfitting. However, we show that L2 regularization has no regularizing effect when combined with normalization.  Instead, regularization has an influence on the scale of weights, and thereby on the effective learning rate. We investigate this dependence, both in theory, and experimentally. We show that popular optimization methods such as ADAM only partially eliminate the influence of normalization on the learning rate. This leads to a discussion on other ways to mitigate this issue.	348
Does using Batch Normalization reduce the capacity of a deep neural network?	Positional Normalization  A popular method to reduce the training time of deep neural networks is to normalize activations at each layer. Although various normalization schemes have been proposed, they all follow a common theme: normalize across spatial dimensions and discard the extracted statistics.  In this paper, we propose an alternative normalization method that noticeably departs from this convention and normalizes exclusively across channels. We argue that the channel dimension is naturally appealing as it allows us to extract the first and second moments of features extracted at a particular image position.	Positional Normalization  A popular method to reduce the training time of deep neural networks is to normalize activations at each layer. Although various normalization schemes have been proposed, they all follow a common theme: normalize across spatial dimensions and discard the extracted statistics.  In this paper, we propose an alternative normalization method that noticeably departs from this convention and normalizes exclusively across channels. We argue that the channel dimension is naturally appealing as it allows us to extract the first and second moments of features extracted at a particular image position.	338
Does using Batch Normalization reduce the capacity of a deep neural network?	Scaling up deep neural networks: a capacity allocation perspective  Following the recent work on capacity allocation, we formulate the conjecture that the shattering problem in deep neural networks can only be avoided if the capacity propagation through layers has a non-degenerate continuous limit when the number of layers tends to infinity.  This allows us to study a number of commonly used architectures and determine which scaling relations should be enforced in practice as the number of layers grows large. In particular, we recover the conditions of Xavier initialization in the multi-channel case, and we find that weights and biases should be scaled down as the inverse square root of the number of layers for deep residual networks and as the inverse square root of the desired memory length for recurrent networks.	Scaling up deep neural networks: a capacity allocation perspective  Following the recent work on capacity allocation, we formulate the conjecture that the shattering problem in deep neural networks can only be avoided if the capacity propagation through layers has a non-degenerate continuous limit when the number of layers tends to infinity.  This allows us to study a number of commonly used architectures and determine which scaling relations should be enforced in practice as the number of layers grows large. In particular, we recover the conditions of Xavier initialization in the multi-channel case, and we find that weights and biases should be scaled down as the inverse square root of the number of layers for deep residual networks and as the inverse square root of the desired memory length for recurrent networks.	343
What is an intuitive explanation of Deep Residual Networks?	 From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e. g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	 From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e. g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	308
What is an intuitive explanation of Deep Residual Networks?	Deep Features Analysis with Attention Networks  Deep neural network models have recently draw lots of attention, as it consistently produce impressive results in many computer vision tasks such as image classification, object detection, etc. However, interpreting such model and show the reason why it performs quite well becomes a challenging question.  In this paper, we propose a novel method to interpret the neural network models with attention mechanism. Inspired by the heatmap visualization, we analyze the relation between classification accuracy with the attention based heatmap. An improved attention based method is also included and illustrate that a better classifier can be interpreted by the attention based heatmap.	Deep Features Analysis with Attention Networks  Deep neural network models have recently draw lots of attention, as it consistently produce impressive results in many computer vision tasks such as image classification, object detection, etc. However, interpreting such model and show the reason why it performs quite well becomes a challenging question.  In this paper, we propose a novel method to interpret the neural network models with attention mechanism. Inspired by the heatmap visualization, we analyze the relation between classification accuracy with the attention based heatmap. An improved attention based method is also included and illustrate that a better classifier can be interpreted by the attention based heatmap.	307
What is an intuitive explanation of Deep Residual Networks?	ANS: Adaptive Network Scaling for Deep Rectifier Reinforcement Learning   Models  This work provides a thorough study on how reward scaling can affect performance of deep reinforcement learning agents. In particular, we would like to answer the question that how does reward scaling affect non-saturating ReLU networks in RL?  This question matters because ReLU is one of the most effective activation functions for deep learning models. We also propose an Adaptive Network Scaling framework to find a suitable scale of the rewards during learning for better performance. We conducted empirical studies to justify the solution.	ANS: Adaptive Network Scaling for Deep Rectifier Reinforcement Learning   Models  This work provides a thorough study on how reward scaling can affect performance of deep reinforcement learning agents. In particular, we would like to answer the question that how does reward scaling affect non-saturating ReLU networks in RL?  This question matters because ReLU is one of the most effective activation functions for deep learning models. We also propose an Adaptive Network Scaling framework to find a suitable scale of the rewards during learning for better performance. We conducted empirical studies to justify the solution.	317
What is an intuitive explanation of Deep Residual Networks?	 Are we simply replacing one complex system (a biological circuit) with another (a deep network), without understanding either? Moreover, beyond neural representations, are the deep network's computational mechanisms for generating neural responses the same as those in the brain? Without a systematic approach to extracting and understanding computational mechanisms from deep neural network models, it can be difficult both to assess the degree of utility of deep learning approaches in neuroscience, and to extract experimentally testable hypotheses from deep networks.	 Are we simply replacing one complex system (a biological circuit) with another (a deep network), without understanding either? Moreover, beyond neural representations, are the deep network's computational mechanisms for generating neural responses the same as those in the brain? Without a systematic approach to extracting and understanding computational mechanisms from deep neural network models, it can be difficult both to assess the degree of utility of deep learning approaches in neuroscience, and to extract experimentally testable hypotheses from deep networks.	308
What is an intuitive explanation of Deep Residual Networks?	 This underparameterization enables the deep decoder to compress images into a concise set of network weights, which we show is on par with wavelet-based thresholding. Further, underparameterization provides a barrier to overfitting, allowing the deep decoder to have state-of-the-art performance for denoising.  The deep decoder is simple in the sense that each layer has an identical structure that consists of only one upsampling unit, pixel-wise linear combination of channels, ReLU activation, and channelwise normalization. This simplicity makes the network amenable to theoretical analysis, and it sheds light on the aspects of neural networks that enable them to form effective signal representations.	 The deep decoder is simple in the sense that each layer has an identical structure that consists of only one upsampling unit, pixel-wise linear combination of channels, ReLU activation, and channelwise normalization. This simplicity makes the network amenable to theoretical analysis, and it sheds light on the aspects of neural networks that enable them to form effective signal representations.	314
Is fine tuning a pre-trained model equivalent to transfer learning?	To Transfer or Not to Transfer: Misclassification Attacks Against   Transfer Learned Text Classifiers  Transfer learning --- transferring learned knowledge --- has brought a paradigm shift in the way models are trained. The lucrative benefits of improved accuracy and reduced training time have shown promise in training models with constrained computational resources and fewer training samples.  Specifically, publicly available text-based models such as GloVe and BERT that are trained on large corpus of datasets have seen ubiquitous adoption in practice. In this paper, we ask, "can transfer learning in text prediction models be exploited to perform misclassification attacks?" As our main contribution, we present novel attack techniques that utilize unintended features learnt in the teacher (public) model to generate adversarial examples for student (downstream) models.	To Transfer or Not to Transfer: Misclassification Attacks Against   Transfer Learned Text Classifiers  Transfer learning --- transferring learned knowledge --- has brought a paradigm shift in the way models are trained. The lucrative benefits of improved accuracy and reduced training time have shown promise in training models with constrained computational resources and fewer training samples.  Specifically, publicly available text-based models such as GloVe and BERT that are trained on large corpus of datasets have seen ubiquitous adoption in practice. In this paper, we ask, "can transfer learning in text prediction models be exploited to perform misclassification attacks?" As our main contribution, we present novel attack techniques that utilize unintended features learnt in the teacher (public) model to generate adversarial examples for student (downstream) models.	287
Is fine tuning a pre-trained model equivalent to transfer learning?	Renofeation: A Simple Transfer Learning Method for Improved Adversarial   Robustness  Fine-tuning through knowledge transfer from a pre-trained model on a large-scale dataset is a widely spread approach to effectively build models on small-scale datasets. In this work, we show that a recent adversarial attack designed for transfer learning via re-training the last linear layer can successfully deceive models trained with transfer learning via end-to-end fine-tuning.  This raises security concerns for many industrial applications. In contrast, models trained with random initialization without transfer are much more robust to such attacks, although these models often exhibit much lower accuracy. To this end, we propose noisy feature distillation, a new transfer learning method that trains a network from random initialization while achieving clean-data performance competitive with fine-tuning. Code available at https://github.com/cmu-enyac/Renofeation.	Renofeation: A Simple Transfer Learning Method for Improved Adversarial   Robustness  Fine-tuning through knowledge transfer from a pre-trained model on a large-scale dataset is a widely spread approach to effectively build models on small-scale datasets. In this work, we show that a recent adversarial attack designed for transfer learning via re-training the last linear layer can successfully deceive models trained with transfer learning via end-to-end fine-tuning.  This raises security concerns for many industrial applications. In contrast, models trained with random initialization without transfer are much more robust to such attacks, although these models often exhibit much lower accuracy. To this end, we propose noisy feature distillation, a new transfer learning method that trains a network from random initialization while achieving clean-data performance competitive with fine-tuning. Code available at https://github.com/cmu-enyac/Renofeation.	266
Is fine tuning a pre-trained model equivalent to transfer learning?	Defeating Misclassification Attacks Against Transfer Learning  Transfer learning is prevalent as a technique to efficiently generate new models (Student models) based on the knowledge transferred from a pre-trained model (Teacher model). However, Teacher models are often publicly available for sharing and reuse, which inevitably introduces vulnerability to trigger severe attacks against transfer learning systems.  In this paper, we take a first step towards mitigating one of the most advanced misclassification attacks in transfer learning. We design a distilled differentiator via activation-based network pruning to enervate the attack transferability while retaining accuracy. We adopt an ensemble structure from variant differentiators to improve the defence robustness.	Defeating Misclassification Attacks Against Transfer Learning  Transfer learning is prevalent as a technique to efficiently generate new models (Student models) based on the knowledge transferred from a pre-trained model (Teacher model). However, Teacher models are often publicly available for sharing and reuse, which inevitably introduces vulnerability to trigger severe attacks against transfer learning systems.  In this paper, we take a first step towards mitigating one of the most advanced misclassification attacks in transfer learning. We design a distilled differentiator via activation-based network pruning to enervate the attack transferability while retaining accuracy. We adopt an ensemble structure from variant differentiators to improve the defence robustness.	279
Is fine tuning a pre-trained model equivalent to transfer learning?	Backdoor Attacks against Transfer Learning with Pre-trained Deep   Learning Models  Transfer learning provides an effective solution for feasibly and fast customize accurate \textit{Student} models, by transferring the learned knowledge of pre-trained \textit{Teacher} models over large datasets via fine-tuning.  Many pre-trained Teacher models used in transfer learning are publicly available and maintained by public platforms, increasing their vulnerability to backdoor attacks. In this paper, we demonstrate a backdoor threat to transfer learning tasks on both image and time-series data leveraging the knowledge of publicly accessible Teacher models, aimed at defeating three commonly-adopted defenses: \textit{pruning-based}, \textit{retraining-based} and \textit{input pre-processing-based defenses}.	Backdoor Attacks against Transfer Learning with Pre-trained Deep   Learning Models  Transfer learning provides an effective solution for feasibly and fast customize accurate \textit{Student} models, by transferring the learned knowledge of pre-trained \textit{Teacher} models over large datasets via fine-tuning.  Many pre-trained Teacher models used in transfer learning are publicly available and maintained by public platforms, increasing their vulnerability to backdoor attacks. In this paper, we demonstrate a backdoor threat to transfer learning tasks on both image and time-series data leveraging the knowledge of publicly accessible Teacher models, aimed at defeating three commonly-adopted defenses: \textit{pruning-based}, \textit{retraining-based} and \textit{input pre-processing-based defenses}.	251
Is fine tuning a pre-trained model equivalent to transfer learning?	 Successor features, which predict frequencies of future observations, form a link between model-based and model-free learning: Learning to predict future expected reward outcomes, a key characteristic of model-based agents, is equivalent to learning successor features. Learning successor features is a form of temporal difference learning and is equivalent to learning to predict a single policy's utility, which is a characteristic of model-free agents.  Drawing on the connection between model-based reinforcement learning and successor features, we demonstrate that representations that are predictive of future reward outcomes generalize across variations in both transitions and rewards. This result extends previous work on successor features, which is constrained to fixed transitions and assumes re-learning of the transferred state representation.	 Successor features, which predict frequencies of future observations, form a link between model-based and model-free learning: Learning to predict future expected reward outcomes, a key characteristic of model-based agents, is equivalent to learning successor features. Learning successor features is a form of temporal difference learning and is equivalent to learning to predict a single policy's utility, which is a characteristic of model-free agents.  Drawing on the connection between model-based reinforcement learning and successor features, we demonstrate that representations that are predictive of future reward outcomes generalize across variations in both transitions and rewards. This result extends previous work on successor features, which is constrained to fixed transitions and assumes re-learning of the transferred state representation.	265
What would be a practical use case for Generative models?	What Cannot be Learned with Bethe Approximations  We address the problem of learning the parameters in graphical models when inference is intractable. A common strategy in this case is to replace the partition function with its Bethe approximation. We show that there exists a regime of empirical marginals where such Bethe learning will fail.  By failure we mean that the empirical marginals cannot be recovered from the approximated maximum likelihood parameters (i.e., moment matching is not achieved). We provide several conditions on empirical marginals that yield outer and inner bounds on the set of Bethe learnable marginals. An interesting implication of our results is that there exists a large class of marginals that cannot be obtained as stable fixed points of belief propagation. Taken together our results provide a novel approach to analyzing learning with Bethe approximations and highlight when it can be expected to work or fail.	What Cannot be Learned with Bethe Approximations  We address the problem of learning the parameters in graphical models when inference is intractable. A common strategy in this case is to replace the partition function with its Bethe approximation. We show that there exists a regime of empirical marginals where such Bethe learning will fail.  By failure we mean that the empirical marginals cannot be recovered from the approximated maximum likelihood parameters (i.e., moment matching is not achieved). We provide several conditions on empirical marginals that yield outer and inner bounds on the set of Bethe learnable marginals. An interesting implication of our results is that there exists a large class of marginals that cannot be obtained as stable fixed points of belief propagation. Taken together our results provide a novel approach to analyzing learning with Bethe approximations and highlight when it can be expected to work or fail.	308
What would be a practical use case for Generative models?	 For instance, doctors would like to know how effective some treatment will be for a patient or why the model suggested a particular medication for a patient exhibiting those symptoms? We acknowledge that the necessity for interpretability is a consequence of an incomplete formalisation of the problem, or more precisely of multiple meanings adhered to a particular concept.  For certain problems, it is not enough to get the answer (what), the model also has to provide an explanation of how it came to that conclusion (why), because a correct prediction, only partially solves the original problem. In this article we extend existing categorisation of techniques to aid model interpretability and test this categorisation.	 For instance, doctors would like to know how effective some treatment will be for a patient or why the model suggested a particular medication for a patient exhibiting those symptoms? We acknowledge that the necessity for interpretability is a consequence of an incomplete formalisation of the problem, or more precisely of multiple meanings adhered to a particular concept.  For certain problems, it is not enough to get the answer (what), the model also has to provide an explanation of how it came to that conclusion (why), because a correct prediction, only partially solves the original problem. In this article we extend existing categorisation of techniques to aid model interpretability and test this categorisation.	289
What would be a practical use case for Generative models?	 In the context of gene expression experiments, most methods retrieve gene expression profiles, requiring each experiment to be expressed as a single profile, typically of case vs. control. A more general, recently suggested alternative is to retrieve experiments whose models are good for modelling the query dataset.  However, for very noisy and high-dimensional query data, this retrieval criterion turns out to be very noisy as well.   Results: We propose doing retrieval using a denoised model of the query dataset, instead of the original noisy dataset itself. To this end, we introduce a general probabilistic framework, where each experiment is modelled separately and the retrieval is done by finding related models.	 In the context of gene expression experiments, most methods retrieve gene expression profiles, requiring each experiment to be expressed as a single profile, typically of case vs. control. A more general, recently suggested alternative is to retrieve experiments whose models are good for modelling the query dataset.  However, for very noisy and high-dimensional query data, this retrieval criterion turns out to be very noisy as well.   Results: We propose doing retrieval using a denoised model of the query dataset, instead of the original noisy dataset itself. To this end, we introduce a general probabilistic framework, where each experiment is modelled separately and the retrieval is done by finding related models.	305
What would be a practical use case for Generative models?	 In addition, it is desirable to incorporate global latent factors, such as topics, sentiments or writing styles, into the word embedding model. Since generative models provide a principled way to incorporate latent factors, we propose a generative word embedding model, which is easy to interpret, and can serve as a basis of more sophisticated latent factor models.  The model inference reduces to a low rank weighted positive semidefinite approximation problem. Its optimization is approached by eigendecomposition on a submatrix, followed by online blockwise regression, which is scalable and avoids the information loss in SVD. In experiments on 7 common benchmark datasets, our vectors are competitive to word2vec, and better than other MF-based methods.	 In addition, it is desirable to incorporate global latent factors, such as topics, sentiments or writing styles, into the word embedding model. Since generative models provide a principled way to incorporate latent factors, we propose a generative word embedding model, which is easy to interpret, and can serve as a basis of more sophisticated latent factor models.  The model inference reduces to a low rank weighted positive semidefinite approximation problem. Its optimization is approached by eigendecomposition on a submatrix, followed by online blockwise regression, which is scalable and avoids the information loss in SVD. In experiments on 7 common benchmark datasets, our vectors are competitive to word2vec, and better than other MF-based methods.	305
What would be a practical use case for Generative models?	Model Selection for Simulator-based Statistical Models: A Kernel   Approach  We propose a novel approach to model selection for simulator-based statistical models. The proposed approach defines a mixture of candidate models, and then iteratively updates the weight coefficients for those models as well as the parameters in each model simultaneously; this is done by recursively applying Bayes' rule, using the recently proposed kernel recursive ABC algorithm.  The practical advantage of the method is that it can be used even when a modeler lacks appropriate prior knowledge about the parameters in each model. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach with a number of experiments, including model selection for dynamical systems in ecology and epidemiology.	 The practical advantage of the method is that it can be used even when a modeler lacks appropriate prior knowledge about the parameters in each model. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach with a number of experiments, including model selection for dynamical systems in ecology and epidemiology.	281
Is cross-validation heavily used in Deep Learning or is it too expensive to be used?	 Google's DeepMind has now also used deep learning technology to develop their AlphaFold tool to make predictions for protein folding. Remarkably, they have been able to achieve some spectacular results for this specific scientific problem. Can deep learning be similarly transformative for other scientific problems?  After a brief review of some initial applications of machine learning at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory, we focus on challenges and opportunities for AI in advancing materials science. Finally, we discuss the importance of developing some realistic machine learning benchmarks using Big Scientific Data coming from a number of different scientific domains. We conclude with some initial examples of our "SciML" benchmark suite and of the research challenges these benchmarks will enable.	 Google's DeepMind has now also used deep learning technology to develop their AlphaFold tool to make predictions for protein folding. Remarkably, they have been able to achieve some spectacular results for this specific scientific problem. Can deep learning be similarly transformative for other scientific problems?  After a brief review of some initial applications of machine learning at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory, we focus on challenges and opportunities for AI in advancing materials science. Finally, we discuss the importance of developing some realistic machine learning benchmarks using Big Scientific Data coming from a number of different scientific domains. We conclude with some initial examples of our "SciML" benchmark suite and of the research challenges these benchmarks will enable.	235
Is cross-validation heavily used in Deep Learning or is it too expensive to be used?	Combination of Hyperband and Bayesian Optimization for Hyperparameter   Optimization in Deep Learning  Deep learning has achieved impressive results on many problems. However, it requires high degree of expertise or a lot of experience to tune well the hyperparameters, and such manual tuning process is likely to be biased.  Moreover, it is not practical to try out as many different hyperparameter configurations in deep learning as in other machine learning scenarios, because evaluating each single hyperparameter configuration in deep learning would mean training a deep neural network, which usually takes quite long time.	Combination of Hyperband and Bayesian Optimization for Hyperparameter   Optimization in Deep Learning  Deep learning has achieved impressive results on many problems. However, it requires high degree of expertise or a lot of experience to tune well the hyperparameters, and such manual tuning process is likely to be biased.  Moreover, it is not practical to try out as many different hyperparameter configurations in deep learning as in other machine learning scenarios, because evaluating each single hyperparameter configuration in deep learning would mean training a deep neural network, which usually takes quite long time.	241
Is cross-validation heavily used in Deep Learning or is it too expensive to be used?	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	235
Is cross-validation heavily used in Deep Learning or is it too expensive to be used?	 Deep learning also provides the tools for testing cognitive theories. In order to test a theory, we need to realise the proposed information-processing system at scale, so as to be able to assess its feasibility and emergent behaviours. Deep learning allows us to scale up from principles and circuit models to end-to-end trainable models capable of performing complex tasks.  There are many levels at which cognitive neuroscientists can use deep learning in their work, from inspiring theories to serving as full computational models. Ongoing advances in deep learning bring us closer to understanding how cognition and perception may be implemented in the brain -- the grand challenge at the core of cognitive neuroscience.	 There are many levels at which cognitive neuroscientists can use deep learning in their work, from inspiring theories to serving as full computational models. Ongoing advances in deep learning bring us closer to understanding how cognition and perception may be implemented in the brain -- the grand challenge at the core of cognitive neuroscience.	251
Is cross-validation heavily used in Deep Learning or is it too expensive to be used?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	231
What is the importance of Deep Residual Networks?	Are Efficient Deep Representations Learnable?  Many theories of deep learning have shown that a deep network can require dramatically fewer resources to represent a given function compared to a shallow network. But a question remains: can these efficient representations be learned using current deep learning techniques?  In this work, we test whether standard deep learning methods can in fact find the efficient representations posited by several theories of deep representation. Specifically, we train deep neural networks to learn two simple functions with known efficient solutions: the parity function and the fast Fourier transform.	Are Efficient Deep Representations Learnable?  Many theories of deep learning have shown that a deep network can require dramatically fewer resources to represent a given function compared to a shallow network. But a question remains: can these efficient representations be learned using current deep learning techniques?  In this work, we test whether standard deep learning methods can in fact find the efficient representations posited by several theories of deep representation. Specifically, we train deep neural networks to learn two simple functions with known efficient solutions: the parity function and the fast Fourier transform.	406
What is the importance of Deep Residual Networks?	Why ResNet Works? Residuals Generalize  Residual connections significantly boost the performance of deep neural networks. However, there are few theoretical results that address the influence of residuals on the hypothesis complexity and the generalization ability of deep neural networks. This paper studies the influence of residual connections on the hypothesis complexity of the neural network in terms of the covering number of its hypothesis space.  We prove that the upper bound of the covering number is the same as chain-like neural networks, if the total numbers of the weight matrices and nonlinearities are fixed, no matter whether they are in the residuals or not. This result demonstrates that residual connections may not increase the hypothesis complexity of the neural network compared with the chain-like counterpart.	Why ResNet Works? Residuals Generalize  Residual connections significantly boost the performance of deep neural networks. However, there are few theoretical results that address the influence of residuals on the hypothesis complexity and the generalization ability of deep neural networks. This paper studies the influence of residual connections on the hypothesis complexity of the neural network in terms of the covering number of its hypothesis space.  We prove that the upper bound of the covering number is the same as chain-like neural networks, if the total numbers of the weight matrices and nonlinearities are fixed, no matter whether they are in the residuals or not. This result demonstrates that residual connections may not increase the hypothesis complexity of the neural network compared with the chain-like counterpart.	397
What is the importance of Deep Residual Networks?	Barista - a Graphical Tool for Designing and Training Deep Neural   Networks  In recent years, the importance of deep learning has significantly increased in pattern recognition, computer vision, and artificial intelligence research, as well as in industry. However, despite the existence of multiple deep learning frameworks, there is a lack of comprehensible and easy-to-use high-level tools for the design, training, and testing of deep neural networks (DNNs).	Barista - a Graphical Tool for Designing and Training Deep Neural   Networks  In recent years, the importance of deep learning has significantly increased in pattern recognition, computer vision, and artificial intelligence research, as well as in industry. However, despite the existence of multiple deep learning frameworks, there is a lack of comprehensible and easy-to-use high-level tools for the design, training, and testing of deep neural networks (DNNs).	407
What is the importance of Deep Residual Networks?	How Important Is a Neuron?  The problem of attributing a deep network's prediction to its \emph{input/base} features is well-studied. We introduce the notion of \emph{conductance} to extend the notion of attribution to the understanding the importance of \emph{hidden} units.   Informally, the conductance of a hidden unit of a deep network is the \emph{flow} of attribution via this hidden unit.  We use conductance to understand the importance of a hidden unit to the prediction for a specific input, or over a set of inputs. We evaluate the effectiveness of conductance in multiple ways, including theoretical properties, ablation studies, and a feature selection task. The empirical evaluations are done using the Inception network over ImageNet data, and a sentiment analysis network over reviews. In both cases, we demonstrate the effectiveness of conductance in identifying interesting insights about the internal workings of these networks.	How Important Is a Neuron?  The problem of attributing a deep network's prediction to its \emph{input/base} features is well-studied. We introduce the notion of \emph{conductance} to extend the notion of attribution to the understanding the importance of \emph{hidden} units.   Informally, the conductance of a hidden unit of a deep network is the \emph{flow} of attribution via this hidden unit.  We use conductance to understand the importance of a hidden unit to the prediction for a specific input, or over a set of inputs. We evaluate the effectiveness of conductance in multiple ways, including theoretical properties, ablation studies, and a feature selection task. The empirical evaluations are done using the Inception network over ImageNet data, and a sentiment analysis network over reviews. In both cases, we demonstrate the effectiveness of conductance in identifying interesting insights about the internal workings of these networks.	397
What is the importance of Deep Residual Networks?	 This work is inspired by recent theoretical results showing that on (linearly) separable data, deep linear networks optimized by SGD learn weight-agnostic solutions, prompting us to ask, for realistic deep networks, for which many practical datasets are separable, what is the effect of importance weighting?  We present the surprising finding that while importance weighting impacts models early in training, its effect diminishes over successive epochs. Moreover, while L2 regularization and batch normalization (but not dropout), restore some of the impact of importance weighting, they express the effect via (seemingly) the wrong abstraction: why should practitioners tweak the L2 regularization, and by how much, to produce the correct weighting effect? Our experiments confirm these findings across a range of architectures and datasets.	 This work is inspired by recent theoretical results showing that on (linearly) separable data, deep linear networks optimized by SGD learn weight-agnostic solutions, prompting us to ask, for realistic deep networks, for which many practical datasets are separable, what is the effect of importance weighting?  We present the surprising finding that while importance weighting impacts models early in training, its effect diminishes over successive epochs. Moreover, while L2 regularization and batch normalization (but not dropout), restore some of the impact of importance weighting, they express the effect via (seemingly) the wrong abstraction: why should practitioners tweak the L2 regularization, and by how much, to produce the correct weighting effect? Our experiments confirm these findings across a range of architectures and datasets.	401
Where is Sparsity important in Deep Learning?	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	339
Where is Sparsity important in Deep Learning?	Sparsity in Deep Neural Networks - An Empirical Investigation with   TensorQuant  Deep learning is finding its way into the embedded world with applications such as autonomous driving, smart sensors and aug- mented reality. However, the computation of deep neural networks is demanding in energy, compute power and memory.  Various approaches have been investigated to reduce the necessary resources, one of which is to leverage the sparsity occurring in deep neural networks due to the high levels of redundancy in the network parameters. It has been shown that sparsity can be promoted specifically and the achieved sparsity can be very high.	Sparsity in Deep Neural Networks - An Empirical Investigation with   TensorQuant  Deep learning is finding its way into the embedded world with applications such as autonomous driving, smart sensors and aug- mented reality. However, the computation of deep neural networks is demanding in energy, compute power and memory.  Various approaches have been investigated to reduce the necessary resources, one of which is to leverage the sparsity occurring in deep neural networks due to the high levels of redundancy in the network parameters. It has been shown that sparsity can be promoted specifically and the achieved sparsity can be very high.	338
Where is Sparsity important in Deep Learning?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	299
Where is Sparsity important in Deep Learning?	 For example, from the perspective of quantum mechanics and statistical physics, this dissertation presents the calculation methods for convolution calculation, pooling, normalization, and Restricted Boltzmann Machine, as well as the selection of cost functions, explains why deep learning must be deep, what characteristics are learned in deep learning, why Convolutional Neural Networks do not have to be trained layer by layer, and the limitations of deep learning, etc., and proposes the theoretical direction and basis for the further development of deep learning now and in the future. The brilliance of physics flashes in deep learning, we try to establish the deep learning technology based on the scientific theory of physics.	 For example, from the perspective of quantum mechanics and statistical physics, this dissertation presents the calculation methods for convolution calculation, pooling, normalization, and Restricted Boltzmann Machine, as well as the selection of cost functions, explains why deep learning must be deep, what characteristics are learned in deep learning, why Convolutional Neural Networks do not have to be trained layer by layer, and the limitations of deep learning, etc., and proposes the theoretical direction and basis for the further development of deep learning now and in the future. The brilliance of physics flashes in deep learning, we try to establish the deep learning technology based on the scientific theory of physics.	334
Where is Sparsity important in Deep Learning?	 Despite the enormous success of deep learning, relatively little is understood theoretically about why these techniques are so successful at feature learning and compression. Here, we show that deep learning is intimately related to one of the most important and successful techniques in theoretical physics, the renormalization group (RG).  RG is an iterative coarse-graining scheme that allows for the extraction of relevant features (i.e. operators) as a physical system is examined at different length scales. We construct an exact mapping from the variational renormalization group, first introduced by Kadanoff, and deep learning architectures based on Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBMs). We illustrate these ideas using the nearest-neighbor Ising Model in one and two-dimensions. Our results suggests that deep learning algorithms may be employing a generalized RG-like scheme to learn relevant features from data.	 Despite the enormous success of deep learning, relatively little is understood theoretically about why these techniques are so successful at feature learning and compression. Here, we show that deep learning is intimately related to one of the most important and successful techniques in theoretical physics, the renormalization group (RG).  RG is an iterative coarse-graining scheme that allows for the extraction of relevant features (i.e. operators) as a physical system is examined at different length scales. We construct an exact mapping from the variational renormalization group, first introduced by Kadanoff, and deep learning architectures based on Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBMs). We illustrate these ideas using the nearest-neighbor Ising Model in one and two-dimensions. Our results suggests that deep learning algorithms may be employing a generalized RG-like scheme to learn relevant features from data.	333
Why are Autoencoders considered a failure?	Learning Dynamics of Linear Denoising Autoencoders  Denoising autoencoders (DAEs) have proven useful for unsupervised representation learning, but a thorough theoretical understanding is still lacking of how the input noise influences learning. Here we develop theory for how noise influences learning in DAEs.  By focusing on linear DAEs, we are able to derive analytic expressions that exactly describe their learning dynamics. We verify our theoretical predictions with simulations as well as experiments on MNIST and CIFAR-10. The theory illustrates how, when tuned correctly, noise allows DAEs to ignore low variance directions in the inputs while learning to reconstruct them.	Learning Dynamics of Linear Denoising Autoencoders  Denoising autoencoders (DAEs) have proven useful for unsupervised representation learning, but a thorough theoretical understanding is still lacking of how the input noise influences learning. Here we develop theory for how noise influences learning in DAEs.  By focusing on linear DAEs, we are able to derive analytic expressions that exactly describe their learning dynamics. We verify our theoretical predictions with simulations as well as experiments on MNIST and CIFAR-10. The theory illustrates how, when tuned correctly, noise allows DAEs to ignore low variance directions in the inputs while learning to reconstruct them.	376
Why are Autoencoders considered a failure?	Towards a Metric for Automated Conversational Dialogue System Evaluation   and Improvement  We present "AutoJudge", an automated evaluation method for conversational dialogue systems. The method works by first generating dialogues based on self-talk, i.e. dialogue systems talking to itself. Then, it uses human ratings on these dialogues to train an automated judgement model.  Our experiments show that AutoJudge correlates well with the human ratings and can be used to automatically evaluate dialogue systems, even in deployed systems. In a second part, we attempt to apply AutoJudge to improve existing systems. This works well for re-ranking a set of candidate utterances. However, our experiments show that AutoJudge cannot be applied as reward for reinforcement learning, although the metric can distinguish good from bad dialogues. We discuss potential reasons, but state here already that this is still an open question for further research.	 Our experiments show that AutoJudge correlates well with the human ratings and can be used to automatically evaluate dialogue systems, even in deployed systems. In a second part, we attempt to apply AutoJudge to improve existing systems. This works well for re-ranking a set of candidate utterances. However, our experiments show that AutoJudge cannot be applied as reward for reinforcement learning, although the metric can distinguish good from bad dialogues. We discuss potential reasons, but state here already that this is still an open question for further research.	380
Why are Autoencoders considered a failure?	Contrastive Variational Autoencoder Enhances Salient Features  Variational autoencoders are powerful algorithms for identifying dominant latent structure in a single dataset. In many applications, however, we are interested in modeling latent structure and variation that are enriched in a target dataset compared to some background---e. g. enriched in patients compared to the general population. Contrastive learning is a principled framework to capture such enriched variation between the target and background, but state-of-the-art contrastive methods are limited to linear models. In this paper, we introduce the contrastive variational autoencoder (cVAE), which combines the benefits of contrastive learning with the power of deep generative models.	Contrastive Variational Autoencoder Enhances Salient Features  Variational autoencoders are powerful algorithms for identifying dominant latent structure in a single dataset. In many applications, however, we are interested in modeling latent structure and variation that are enriched in a target dataset compared to some background---e. g. enriched in patients compared to the general population. Contrastive learning is a principled framework to capture such enriched variation between the target and background, but state-of-the-art contrastive methods are limited to linear models. In this paper, we introduce the contrastive variational autoencoder (cVAE), which combines the benefits of contrastive learning with the power of deep generative models.	380
Why are Autoencoders considered a failure?	 Being able to process programming language code automatically and provide summaries of code functionality accurately can significantly help developers to reduce time spent in code navigation and understanding, and thus increase productivity. Different from natural language articles, source code in programming languages often follows rigid syntactical structures and there can exist dependencies among code elements that are located far away from each other through complex control flows and data flows.	 Being able to process programming language code automatically and provide summaries of code functionality accurately can significantly help developers to reduce time spent in code navigation and understanding, and thus increase productivity. Different from natural language articles, source code in programming languages often follows rigid syntactical structures and there can exist dependencies among code elements that are located far away from each other through complex control flows and data flows.	366
Why are Autoencoders considered a failure?	Scalable Convolutional Dictionary Learning with Constrained Recurrent   Sparse Auto-encoders  Given a convolutional dictionary underlying a set of observed signals, can a carefully designed auto-encoder recover the dictionary in the presence of noise? We introduce an auto-encoder architecture, termed constrained recurrent sparse auto-encoder (CRsAE), that answers this question in the affirmative.  Given an input signal and an approximate dictionary, the encoder finds a sparse approximation using FISTA. The decoder reconstructs the signal by applying the dictionary to the output of the encoder. The encoder and decoder in CRsAE parallel the sparse-coding and dictionary update steps in optimization-based alternating-minimization schemes for dictionary learning.	Scalable Convolutional Dictionary Learning with Constrained Recurrent   Sparse Auto-encoders  Given a convolutional dictionary underlying a set of observed signals, can a carefully designed auto-encoder recover the dictionary in the presence of noise? We introduce an auto-encoder architecture, termed constrained recurrent sparse auto-encoder (CRsAE), that answers this question in the affirmative.  Given an input signal and an approximate dictionary, the encoder finds a sparse approximation using FISTA. The decoder reconstructs the signal by applying the dictionary to the output of the encoder. The encoder and decoder in CRsAE parallel the sparse-coding and dictionary update steps in optimization-based alternating-minimization schemes for dictionary learning.	349
In deep learning, why dont we use the whole training set to compute the gradient?	Why does Deep Learning work? - A perspective from Group Theory  Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.    One factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called pre-training: first search for a good generative model for the input samples, and repeat the process one layer at a time. We show deeper implications of this simple principle, by establishing a connection with the interplay of orbits and stabilizers of group actions.	Why does Deep Learning work? - A perspective from Group Theory  Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.    One factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called pre-training: first search for a good generative model for the input samples, and repeat the process one layer at a time. We show deeper implications of this simple principle, by establishing a connection with the interplay of orbits and stabilizers of group actions.	276
In deep learning, why dont we use the whole training set to compute the gradient?	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	Is Deep Learning a Renormalization Group Flow?  Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. Deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Since coarse graining is a key ingredient of the renormalization group (RG), RG may provide a useful theoretical framework directly relevant to deep learning.  In this study we pursue this possibility. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM). The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through an RG treatment of the Ising model.	255
In deep learning, why dont we use the whole training set to compute the gradient?	Performance Modelling of Deep Learning on Intel Many Integrated Core   Architectures  Many complex problems, such as natural language processing or visual object detection, are solved using deep learning. However, efficient training of complex deep convolutional neural networks for large data sets is computationally demanding and requires parallel computing resources.	Performance Modelling of Deep Learning on Intel Many Integrated Core   Architectures  Many complex problems, such as natural language processing or visual object detection, are solved using deep learning. However, efficient training of complex deep convolutional neural networks for large data sets is computationally demanding and requires parallel computing resources.	257
In deep learning, why dont we use the whole training set to compute the gradient?	 Deep learning also provides the tools for testing cognitive theories. In order to test a theory, we need to realise the proposed information-processing system at scale, so as to be able to assess its feasibility and emergent behaviours. Deep learning allows us to scale up from principles and circuit models to end-to-end trainable models capable of performing complex tasks.  There are many levels at which cognitive neuroscientists can use deep learning in their work, from inspiring theories to serving as full computational models. Ongoing advances in deep learning bring us closer to understanding how cognition and perception may be implemented in the brain -- the grand challenge at the core of cognitive neuroscience.	 There are many levels at which cognitive neuroscientists can use deep learning in their work, from inspiring theories to serving as full computational models. Ongoing advances in deep learning bring us closer to understanding how cognition and perception may be implemented in the brain -- the grand challenge at the core of cognitive neuroscience.	286
In deep learning, why dont we use the whole training set to compute the gradient?	Sequential Labeling with online Deep Learning  Deep learning has attracted great attention recently and yielded the state of the art performance in dimension reduction and classification problems. However, it cannot effectively handle the structured output prediction, e.g. sequential labeling. In this paper, we propose a deep learning structure, which can learn discriminative features for sequential labeling problems.  More specifically, we add the inter-relationship between labels in our deep learning structure, in order to incorporate the context information from the sequential data. Thus, our model is more powerful than linear Conditional Random Fields (CRFs) because the objective function learns latent non-linear features so that target labeling can be better predicted.	Sequential Labeling with online Deep Learning  Deep learning has attracted great attention recently and yielded the state of the art performance in dimension reduction and classification problems. However, it cannot effectively handle the structured output prediction, e.g. sequential labeling. In this paper, we propose a deep learning structure, which can learn discriminative features for sequential labeling problems.  More specifically, we add the inter-relationship between labels in our deep learning structure, in order to incorporate the context information from the sequential data. Thus, our model is more powerful than linear Conditional Random Fields (CRFs) because the objective function learns latent non-linear features so that target labeling can be better predicted.	287
What is a convolutional neural network?	Convolutional Neural Network-based Topology Optimization (CNN-TO) By   Estimating Sensitivity of Compliance from Material Distribution  This paper proposes a new topology optimization method that applies a convolutional neural network (CNN), which is one deep learning technique for topology optimization problems.  Using this method, we acquire a structure with a little higher performance that could not be obtained by the previous topology optimization method. In particular, in this paper, we solve a topology optimization problem aimed at maximizing stiffness with a mass constraint, which is a common type of topology optimization.	Convolutional Neural Network-based Topology Optimization (CNN-TO) By   Estimating Sensitivity of Compliance from Material Distribution  This paper proposes a new topology optimization method that applies a convolutional neural network (CNN), which is one deep learning technique for topology optimization problems.  Using this method, we acquire a structure with a little higher performance that could not be obtained by the previous topology optimization method. In particular, in this paper, we solve a topology optimization problem aimed at maximizing stiffness with a mass constraint, which is a common type of topology optimization.	434
What is a convolutional neural network?	Convolutional Rectifier Networks as Generalized Tensor Decompositions  Convolutional rectifier networks, i.e. convolutional neural networks with rectified linear activation and max or average pooling, are the cornerstone of modern deep learning. However, despite their wide use and success, our theoretical understanding of the expressive properties that drive these networks is partial at best.  On the other hand, we have a much firmer grasp of these issues in the world of arithmetic circuits. Specifically, it is known that convolutional arithmetic circuits possess the property of "complete depth efficiency", meaning that besides a negligible set, all functions that can be implemented by a deep network of polynomial size, require exponential size in order to be implemented (or even approximated) by a shallow network.	Convolutional Rectifier Networks as Generalized Tensor Decompositions  Convolutional rectifier networks, i.e. convolutional neural networks with rectified linear activation and max or average pooling, are the cornerstone of modern deep learning. However, despite their wide use and success, our theoretical understanding of the expressive properties that drive these networks is partial at best.  On the other hand, we have a much firmer grasp of these issues in the world of arithmetic circuits. Specifically, it is known that convolutional arithmetic circuits possess the property of "complete depth efficiency", meaning that besides a negligible set, all functions that can be implemented by a deep network of polynomial size, require exponential size in order to be implemented (or even approximated) by a shallow network.	434
What is a convolutional neural network?	Network Deconvolution  Convolution is a central operation in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which applies a kernel to overlapping regions shifted across the image. However, because of the strong correlations in real-world image data, convolutional kernels are in effect re-learning redundant data.  In this work, we show that this redundancy has made neural network training challenging, and propose network deconvolution, a procedure which optimally removes pixel-wise and channel-wise correlations before the data is fed into each layer. Network deconvolution can be efficiently calculated at a fraction of the computational cost of a convolution layer.	Network Deconvolution  Convolution is a central operation in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which applies a kernel to overlapping regions shifted across the image. However, because of the strong correlations in real-world image data, convolutional kernels are in effect re-learning redundant data.  In this work, we show that this redundancy has made neural network training challenging, and propose network deconvolution, a procedure which optimally removes pixel-wise and channel-wise correlations before the data is fed into each layer. Network deconvolution can be efficiently calculated at a fraction of the computational cost of a convolution layer.	411
What is a convolutional neural network?	Contrast-Oriented Deep Neural Networks for Salient Object Detection  Deep convolutional neural networks have become a key element in the recent breakthrough of salient object detection. However, existing CNN-based methods are based on either patch-wise (region-wise) training and inference or fully convolutional networks.  Methods in the former category are generally time-consuming due to severe storage and computational redundancies among overlapping patches. To overcome this deficiency, methods in the second category attempt to directly map a raw input image to a predicted dense saliency map in a single network forward pass.	Contrast-Oriented Deep Neural Networks for Salient Object Detection  Deep convolutional neural networks have become a key element in the recent breakthrough of salient object detection. However, existing CNN-based methods are based on either patch-wise (region-wise) training and inference or fully convolutional networks.  Methods in the former category are generally time-consuming due to severe storage and computational redundancies among overlapping patches. To overcome this deficiency, methods in the second category attempt to directly map a raw input image to a predicted dense saliency map in a single network forward pass.	399
What is a convolutional neural network?	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time.  In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency.	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time.  In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency.	421
What is an intuitive explanation for convolution?	 Technically, this contribution can be regarded as an extension of the conventional solution-path algorithm for a single regularization parameter to multiple instance-weight parameters. However, this extension gives rise to a significant problem that breakpoints (at which the solution path turns) have to be identified in high-dimensional space.  To facilitate this, we introduce a parametric representation of instance weights. We also provide a geometric interpretation in weight space using a notion of critical region: a polyhedron in which the current affine solution remains to be optimal. Then we find breakpoints at intersections of the solution path and boundaries of polyhedrons. Through extensive experiments on various practical applications, we demonstrate the usefulness of the proposed algorithm.	 Technically, this contribution can be regarded as an extension of the conventional solution-path algorithm for a single regularization parameter to multiple instance-weight parameters. However, this extension gives rise to a significant problem that breakpoints (at which the solution path turns) have to be identified in high-dimensional space.  To facilitate this, we introduce a parametric representation of instance weights. We also provide a geometric interpretation in weight space using a notion of critical region: a polyhedron in which the current affine solution remains to be optimal. Then we find breakpoints at intersections of the solution path and boundaries of polyhedrons. Through extensive experiments on various practical applications, we demonstrate the usefulness of the proposed algorithm.	390
What is an intuitive explanation for convolution?	Improving and Understanding Variational Continual Learning  In the continual learning setting, tasks are encountered sequentially. The goal is to learn whilst i) avoiding catastrophic forgetting, ii) efficiently using model capacity, and iii) employing forward and backward transfer learning. In this paper, we explore how the Variational Continual Learning (VCL) framework achieves these desiderata on two benchmarks in continual learning: split MNIST and permuted MNIST.  We first report significantly improved results on what was already a competitive approach. The improvements are achieved by establishing a new best practice approach to mean-field variational Bayesian neural networks. We then look at the solutions in detail. This allows us to obtain an understanding of why VCL performs as it does, and we compare the solution to what an `ideal' continual learning solution might be.	 We first report significantly improved results on what was already a competitive approach. The improvements are achieved by establishing a new best practice approach to mean-field variational Bayesian neural networks. We then look at the solutions in detail. This allows us to obtain an understanding of why VCL performs as it does, and we compare the solution to what an `ideal' continual learning solution might be.	381
What is an intuitive explanation for convolution?	 However, existing approaches cannot preserve all the desirable properties of Euclidean convolutions, namely compactly supported filters, directionality, transferability across different manifolds. In this paper we develop a new generalization of the convolution operation, referred to as parallel transport convolution (PTC), on Riemannian manifolds and their discrete counterparts.  PTC is designed based on the parallel transportation which is able to translate information along a manifold and to intrinsically preserve directionality. PTC allows for the construction of compactly supported filters and is also robust to manifold deformations. This enables us to preform wavelet-like operations and to define deep convolutional neural networks on curved domains.	 However, existing approaches cannot preserve all the desirable properties of Euclidean convolutions, namely compactly supported filters, directionality, transferability across different manifolds. In this paper we develop a new generalization of the convolution operation, referred to as parallel transport convolution (PTC), on Riemannian manifolds and their discrete counterparts.  PTC is designed based on the parallel transportation which is able to translate information along a manifold and to intrinsically preserve directionality. PTC allows for the construction of compactly supported filters and is also robust to manifold deformations. This enables us to preform wavelet-like operations and to define deep convolutional neural networks on curved domains.	392
What is an intuitive explanation for convolution?	 We show, mathematically, how convolution and activation can both be implemented in the frequency domain using either the Fourier or Laplace transformation. The main contributions are a description of spectral activation under the Fourier transform and a further description of an efficient algorithm for computing both convolution and activation under the Laplace transform.  By computing both the convolution and activation functions in the frequency domain, we can reduce the number of transforms required, as well as reducing overall complexity. Our description of a spectral activation function, together with existing spectral analogs of other network functions may then be used to compose a fully spectral implementation of a convolution network.	 We show, mathematically, how convolution and activation can both be implemented in the frequency domain using either the Fourier or Laplace transformation. The main contributions are a description of spectral activation under the Fourier transform and a further description of an efficient algorithm for computing both convolution and activation under the Laplace transform.  By computing both the convolution and activation functions in the frequency domain, we can reduce the number of transforms required, as well as reducing overall complexity. Our description of a spectral activation function, together with existing spectral analogs of other network functions may then be used to compose a fully spectral implementation of a convolution network.	386
What is an intuitive explanation for convolution?	Learning to Handle Parameter Perturbations in Combinatorial   Optimization: an Application to Facility Location  We present an approach to couple the resolution of Combinatorial Optimization problems with methods from Machine Learning, applied to the single source, capacitated, facility location problem.  Our study is framed in the context where a reference facility location optimization problem is given. Assuming there exist data for many variations of the reference problem (historical or simulated) along with their optimal solution, we study how one can exploit these to make predictions about an unseen new instance.  We demonstrate how a classifier can be built from these data to determine whether the solution to the reference problem still applies to a new instance. In case the reference solution is partially applicable, we build a regressor indicating the magnitude of the expected change, and conversely how much of it can be kept for the new instance.	 Our study is framed in the context where a reference facility location optimization problem is given. Assuming there exist data for many variations of the reference problem (historical or simulated) along with their optimal solution, we study how one can exploit these to make predictions about an unseen new instance.	376
How do convolutional neural networks work?	Convolutional Rectifier Networks as Generalized Tensor Decompositions  Convolutional rectifier networks, i.e. convolutional neural networks with rectified linear activation and max or average pooling, are the cornerstone of modern deep learning. However, despite their wide use and success, our theoretical understanding of the expressive properties that drive these networks is partial at best.  On the other hand, we have a much firmer grasp of these issues in the world of arithmetic circuits. Specifically, it is known that convolutional arithmetic circuits possess the property of "complete depth efficiency", meaning that besides a negligible set, all functions that can be implemented by a deep network of polynomial size, require exponential size in order to be implemented (or even approximated) by a shallow network.	Convolutional Rectifier Networks as Generalized Tensor Decompositions  Convolutional rectifier networks, i.e. convolutional neural networks with rectified linear activation and max or average pooling, are the cornerstone of modern deep learning. However, despite their wide use and success, our theoretical understanding of the expressive properties that drive these networks is partial at best.  On the other hand, we have a much firmer grasp of these issues in the world of arithmetic circuits. Specifically, it is known that convolutional arithmetic circuits possess the property of "complete depth efficiency", meaning that besides a negligible set, all functions that can be implemented by a deep network of polynomial size, require exponential size in order to be implemented (or even approximated) by a shallow network.	364
How do convolutional neural networks work?	Neural Nets via Forward State Transformation and Backward Loss   Transformation  This article studies (multilayer perceptron) neural networks with an emphasis on the transformations involved --- both forward and backward --- in order to develop a semantical/logical perspective that is in line with standard program semantics.  The common two-pass neural network training algorithms make this viewpoint particularly fitting. In the forward direction, neural networks act as state transformers. In the reverse direction, however, neural networks change losses of outputs to losses of inputs, thereby acting like a (real-valued) predicate transformer. In this way, backpropagation is functorial by construction, as shown earlier in recent other work. We illustrate this perspective by training a simple instance of a neural network.	 The common two-pass neural network training algorithms make this viewpoint particularly fitting. In the forward direction, neural networks act as state transformers. In the reverse direction, however, neural networks change losses of outputs to losses of inputs, thereby acting like a (real-valued) predicate transformer. In this way, backpropagation is functorial by construction, as shown earlier in recent other work. We illustrate this perspective by training a simple instance of a neural network.	377
How do convolutional neural networks work?	Deep Likelihood Network for Image Restoration with Multiple Degradation   Levels  Convolutional neural networks have been proven effective in a variety of image restoration tasks. Most state-of-the-art solutions, however, are trained using images with a single particular degradation level, and their performance deteriorates drastically when applied to other degradation settings.  In this paper, we propose deep likelihood network (DL-Net), aiming at generalizing off-the-shelf image restoration networks to succeed over a spectrum of degradation levels. We slightly modify an off-the-shelf network by appending a simple recursive module, which is derived from a fidelity term, for disentangling the computation for multiple degradation levels. Extensive experimental results on image inpainting, interpolation, and super-resolution show the effectiveness of our DL-Net.	Deep Likelihood Network for Image Restoration with Multiple Degradation   Levels  Convolutional neural networks have been proven effective in a variety of image restoration tasks. Most state-of-the-art solutions, however, are trained using images with a single particular degradation level, and their performance deteriorates drastically when applied to other degradation settings.  In this paper, we propose deep likelihood network (DL-Net), aiming at generalizing off-the-shelf image restoration networks to succeed over a spectrum of degradation levels. We slightly modify an off-the-shelf network by appending a simple recursive module, which is derived from a fidelity term, for disentangling the computation for multiple degradation levels. Extensive experimental results on image inpainting, interpolation, and super-resolution show the effectiveness of our DL-Net.	371
How do convolutional neural networks work?	Do Deep Neural Networks Learn Facial Action Units When Doing Expression   Recognition?  Despite being the appearance-based classifier of choice in recent years, relatively few works have examined how much convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can improve performance on accepted expression recognition benchmarks and, more importantly, examine what it is they actually learn.  In this work, not only do we show that CNNs can achieve strong performance, but we also introduce an approach to decipher which portions of the face influence the CNN's predictions. First, we train a zero-bias CNN on facial expression data and achieve, to our knowledge, state-of-the-art performance on two expression recognition benchmarks: the extended Cohn-Kanade (CK+) dataset and the Toronto Face Dataset (TFD).	Do Deep Neural Networks Learn Facial Action Units When Doing Expression   Recognition?  Despite being the appearance-based classifier of choice in recent years, relatively few works have examined how much convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can improve performance on accepted expression recognition benchmarks and, more importantly, examine what it is they actually learn.  In this work, not only do we show that CNNs can achieve strong performance, but we also introduce an approach to decipher which portions of the face influence the CNN's predictions. First, we train a zero-bias CNN on facial expression data and achieve, to our knowledge, state-of-the-art performance on two expression recognition benchmarks: the extended Cohn-Kanade (CK+) dataset and the Toronto Face Dataset (TFD).	365
How do convolutional neural networks work?	Multi-task Neural Networks for QSAR Predictions  Although artificial neural networks have occasionally been used for Quantitative Structure-Activity/Property Relationship (QSAR/QSPR) studies in the past, the literature has of late been dominated by other machine learning techniques such as random forests.  However, a variety of new neural net techniques along with successful applications in other domains have renewed interest in network approaches. In this work, inspired by the winning team's use of neural networks in a recent QSAR competition, we used an artificial neural network to learn a function that predicts activities of compounds for multiple assays at the same time.  We conducted experiments leveraging recent methods for dealing with overfitting in neural networks as well as other tricks from the neural networks literature. We compared our methods to alternative methods reported to perform well on these tasks and found that our neural net methods provided superior performance.	 However, a variety of new neural net techniques along with successful applications in other domains have renewed interest in network approaches. In this work, inspired by the winning team's use of neural networks in a recent QSAR competition, we used an artificial neural network to learn a function that predicts activities of compounds for multiple assays at the same time.	382
How long will it take for me to go from machine learning basics to convolutional neural network?	Using Machine Learning for Handover Optimization in Vehicular Fog   Computing  Smart mobility management would be an important prerequisite for future fog computing systems. In this research, we propose a learning-based handover optimization for the Internet of Vehicles that would assist the smooth transition of device connections and offloaded tasks between fog nodes.  To accomplish this, we make use of machine learning algorithms to learn from vehicle interactions with fog nodes. Our approach uses a three-layer feed-forward neural network to predict the correct fog node at a given location and time with 99.2 % accuracy on a test set. We also implement a dual stacked recurrent neural network (RNN) with long short-term memory (LSTM) cells capable of learning the latency, or cost, associated with these service requests.	Using Machine Learning for Handover Optimization in Vehicular Fog   Computing  Smart mobility management would be an important prerequisite for future fog computing systems. In this research, we propose a learning-based handover optimization for the Internet of Vehicles that would assist the smooth transition of device connections and offloaded tasks between fog nodes.  To accomplish this, we make use of machine learning algorithms to learn from vehicle interactions with fog nodes. Our approach uses a three-layer feed-forward neural network to predict the correct fog node at a given location and time with 99.2 % accuracy on a test set. We also implement a dual stacked recurrent neural network (RNN) with long short-term memory (LSTM) cells capable of learning the latency, or cost, associated with these service requests.	348
How long will it take for me to go from machine learning basics to convolutional neural network?	On-the-Fly Learning in a Perpetual Learning Machine  Despite the promise of brain-inspired machine learning, deep neural networks (DNN) have frustratingly failed to bridge the deceptively large gap between learning and memory. Here, we introduce a Perpetual Learning Machine; a new type of DNN that is capable of brain-like dynamic 'on the fly' learning because it exists in a self-supervised state of Perpetual Stochastic Gradient Descent. Thus, we provide the means to unify learning and memory within a machine learning framework. We also explore the elegant duality of abstraction and synthesis: the Yin and Yang of deep learning.	On-the-Fly Learning in a Perpetual Learning Machine  Despite the promise of brain-inspired machine learning, deep neural networks (DNN) have frustratingly failed to bridge the deceptively large gap between learning and memory. Here, we introduce a Perpetual Learning Machine; a new type of DNN that is capable of brain-like dynamic 'on the fly' learning because it exists in a self-supervised state of Perpetual Stochastic Gradient Descent. Thus, we provide the means to unify learning and memory within a machine learning framework. We also explore the elegant duality of abstraction and synthesis: the Yin and Yang of deep learning.	351
How long will it take for me to go from machine learning basics to convolutional neural network?	 However, data-driven methods, such as machine learning, offer attractive accuracies at the expense of being resource and memory demanding. In this paper, we focus on the inference of neural networks running in microcontrollers and low-power processors which wearable sensors and devices are generally equipped with.  In particular, we adapted an existing convolutional-recurrent neural network, designed to detect and classify cardiac arrhythmias from a single-lead electrocardiogram, to the low-power embedded System-on-Chip nRF52 from Nordic Semiconductor with an ARM's Cortex-M4 processing core. We show our implementation in fixed-point precision, using the CMSIS-NN libraries, yields a drop of $F_1$ score from 0.8 to 0.784, from the original implementation, with a memory footprint of 195.6KB, and a throughput of 33.98MOps/s.	 However, data-driven methods, such as machine learning, offer attractive accuracies at the expense of being resource and memory demanding. In this paper, we focus on the inference of neural networks running in microcontrollers and low-power processors which wearable sensors and devices are generally equipped with.  In particular, we adapted an existing convolutional-recurrent neural network, designed to detect and classify cardiac arrhythmias from a single-lead electrocardiogram, to the low-power embedded System-on-Chip nRF52 from Nordic Semiconductor with an ARM's Cortex-M4 processing core. We show our implementation in fixed-point precision, using the CMSIS-NN libraries, yields a drop of $F_1$ score from 0.8 to 0.784, from the original implementation, with a memory footprint of 195.6KB, and a throughput of 33.98MOps/s.	341
How long will it take for me to go from machine learning basics to convolutional neural network?	Machine learning for long-distance quantum communication  Machine learning can help us in solving problems in the context big data analysis and classification, as well as in playing complex games such as Go. But can it also be used to find novel protocols and algorithms for applications such as large-scale quantum communication?  Here we show that machine learning can be used to identify central quantum protocols, including teleportation, entanglement purification and the quantum repeater. These schemes are of importance in long-distance quantum communication, and their discovery has shaped the field of quantum information processing.	Machine learning for long-distance quantum communication  Machine learning can help us in solving problems in the context big data analysis and classification, as well as in playing complex games such as Go. But can it also be used to find novel protocols and algorithms for applications such as large-scale quantum communication?  Here we show that machine learning can be used to identify central quantum protocols, including teleportation, entanglement purification and the quantum repeater. These schemes are of importance in long-distance quantum communication, and their discovery has shaped the field of quantum information processing.	347
How long will it take for me to go from machine learning basics to convolutional neural network?	A Configuration-Space Decomposition Scheme for Learning-based Collision   Checking  Motion planning for robots of high degrees-of-freedom (DOFs) is an important problem in robotics with sampling-based methods in configuration space C as one popular solution. Recently, machine learning methods have been introduced into sampling-based motion planning methods, which train a classifier to distinguish collision free subspace from in-collision subspace in C.	A Configuration-Space Decomposition Scheme for Learning-based Collision   Checking  Motion planning for robots of high degrees-of-freedom (DOFs) is an important problem in robotics with sampling-based methods in configuration space C as one popular solution. Recently, machine learning methods have been introduced into sampling-based motion planning methods, which train a classifier to distinguish collision free subspace from in-collision subspace in C.	346
Why are convolutional neural networks well-suited for image classification problems?	Toward Robust Image Classification  Neural networks are frequently used for image classification, but can be vulnerable to misclassification caused by adversarial images. Attempts to make neural network image classification more robust have included variations on preprocessing (cropping, applying noise, blurring), adversarial training, and dropout randomization.	Toward Robust Image Classification  Neural networks are frequently used for image classification, but can be vulnerable to misclassification caused by adversarial images. Attempts to make neural network image classification more robust have included variations on preprocessing (cropping, applying noise, blurring), adversarial training, and dropout randomization.	293
Why are convolutional neural networks well-suited for image classification problems?	Regularizing linear inverse problems with convolutional neural networks  Deep convolutional neural networks trained on large datsets have emerged as an intriguing alternative for compressing images and solving inverse problems such as denoising and compressive sensing. However, it has only recently been realized that even without training, convolutional networks can function as concise image models, and thus regularize inverse problems.  In this paper, we provide further evidence for this finding by studying variations of convolutional neural networks that map few weight parameters to an image. The networks we consider only consist of convolutional operations, with either fixed or parameterized filters followed by ReLU non-linearities.	Regularizing linear inverse problems with convolutional neural networks  Deep convolutional neural networks trained on large datsets have emerged as an intriguing alternative for compressing images and solving inverse problems such as denoising and compressive sensing. However, it has only recently been realized that even without training, convolutional networks can function as concise image models, and thus regularize inverse problems.  In this paper, we provide further evidence for this finding by studying variations of convolutional neural networks that map few weight parameters to an image. The networks we consider only consist of convolutional operations, with either fixed or parameterized filters followed by ReLU non-linearities.	294
Why are convolutional neural networks well-suited for image classification problems?	Neumann Networks for Inverse Problems in Imaging  Many challenging image processing tasks can be described by an ill-posed linear inverse problem: deblurring, deconvolution, inpainting, compressed sensing, and superresolution all lie in this framework. Traditional inverse problem solvers minimize a cost function consisting of a data-fit term, which measures how well an image matches the observations, and a regularizer, which reflects prior knowledge and promotes images with desirable properties like smoothness.  Recent advances in machine learning and image processing have illustrated that it is often possible to learn a regularizer from training data that can outperform more traditional regularizers. We present an end-to-end, data-driven method of solving inverse problems inspired by the Neumann series, which we call a Neumann network.	Neumann Networks for Inverse Problems in Imaging  Many challenging image processing tasks can be described by an ill-posed linear inverse problem: deblurring, deconvolution, inpainting, compressed sensing, and superresolution all lie in this framework. Traditional inverse problem solvers minimize a cost function consisting of a data-fit term, which measures how well an image matches the observations, and a regularizer, which reflects prior knowledge and promotes images with desirable properties like smoothness.  Recent advances in machine learning and image processing have illustrated that it is often possible to learn a regularizer from training data that can outperform more traditional regularizers. We present an end-to-end, data-driven method of solving inverse problems inspired by the Neumann series, which we call a Neumann network.	311
Why are convolutional neural networks well-suited for image classification problems?	One Man's Trash is Another Man's Treasure: Resisting Adversarial   Examples by Adversarial Examples  Modern image classification systems are often built on deep neural networks, which suffer from adversarial examples--images with deliberately crafted, imperceptible noise to mislead the network's classification.  To defend against adversarial examples, a plausible idea is to obfuscate the network's gradient with respect to the input image. This general idea has inspired a long line of defense methods. Yet, almost all of them have proven vulnerable. We revisit this seemingly flawed idea from a radically different perspective.	One Man's Trash is Another Man's Treasure: Resisting Adversarial   Examples by Adversarial Examples  Modern image classification systems are often built on deep neural networks, which suffer from adversarial examples--images with deliberately crafted, imperceptible noise to mislead the network's classification.  To defend against adversarial examples, a plausible idea is to obfuscate the network's gradient with respect to the input image. This general idea has inspired a long line of defense methods. Yet, almost all of them have proven vulnerable. We revisit this seemingly flawed idea from a radically different perspective.	305
Why are convolutional neural networks well-suited for image classification problems?	Deep Likelihood Network for Image Restoration with Multiple Degradation   Levels  Convolutional neural networks have been proven effective in a variety of image restoration tasks. Most state-of-the-art solutions, however, are trained using images with a single particular degradation level, and their performance deteriorates drastically when applied to other degradation settings.  In this paper, we propose deep likelihood network (DL-Net), aiming at generalizing off-the-shelf image restoration networks to succeed over a spectrum of degradation levels. We slightly modify an off-the-shelf network by appending a simple recursive module, which is derived from a fidelity term, for disentangling the computation for multiple degradation levels. Extensive experimental results on image inpainting, interpolation, and super-resolution show the effectiveness of our DL-Net.	Deep Likelihood Network for Image Restoration with Multiple Degradation   Levels  Convolutional neural networks have been proven effective in a variety of image restoration tasks. Most state-of-the-art solutions, however, are trained using images with a single particular degradation level, and their performance deteriorates drastically when applied to other degradation settings.  In this paper, we propose deep likelihood network (DL-Net), aiming at generalizing off-the-shelf image restoration networks to succeed over a spectrum of degradation levels. We slightly modify an off-the-shelf network by appending a simple recursive module, which is derived from a fidelity term, for disentangling the computation for multiple degradation levels. Extensive experimental results on image inpainting, interpolation, and super-resolution show the effectiveness of our DL-Net.	296
Is a pooling layer necessary in CNN? Can it be replaced by convolution?	 This property can be applied to most convolutional neural network (CNN) systems. Specifically, a transformationally identical CNN can be constructed by arranging internally symmetric operations in parallel with the same transformation family that includes a flatten layer with weights sharing among their corresponding transformation elements.  Other transformationally identical CNNs can be constructed by averaging transformed input vectors of the family at the input layer followed by an ordinary CNN process or by a set of symmetric operations. Interestingly, we found that both types of transformationally identical CNN systems are mathematically equivalent by either applying an averaging operation to corresponding elements of all sub-channels before the activation function or without using a non-linear activation function.	 This property can be applied to most convolutional neural network (CNN) systems. Specifically, a transformationally identical CNN can be constructed by arranging internally symmetric operations in parallel with the same transformation family that includes a flatten layer with weights sharing among their corresponding transformation elements.  Other transformationally identical CNNs can be constructed by averaging transformed input vectors of the family at the input layer followed by an ordinary CNN process or by a set of symmetric operations. Interestingly, we found that both types of transformationally identical CNN systems are mathematically equivalent by either applying an averaging operation to corresponding elements of all sub-channels before the activation function or without using a non-linear activation function.	309
Is a pooling layer necessary in CNN? Can it be replaced by convolution?	DoPa: A Comprehensive CNN Detection Methodology against Physical   Adversarial Attacks  Recently, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) demonstrate a considerable vulnerability to adversarial attacks, which can be easily misled by adversarial perturbations. With more aggressive methods proposed, adversarial attacks can be also applied to the physical world, causing practical issues to various CNN powered applications.  To secure CNNs, adversarial attack detection is considered as the most critical approach. However, most existing works focus on superficial patterns and merely search a particular method to differentiate the adversarial inputs and natural inputs, ignoring the analysis of CNN inner vulnerability. Therefore, they can only target to specific physical adversarial attacks, lacking expected versatility to different attacks.	DoPa: A Comprehensive CNN Detection Methodology against Physical   Adversarial Attacks  Recently, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) demonstrate a considerable vulnerability to adversarial attacks, which can be easily misled by adversarial perturbations. With more aggressive methods proposed, adversarial attacks can be also applied to the physical world, causing practical issues to various CNN powered applications.  To secure CNNs, adversarial attack detection is considered as the most critical approach. However, most existing works focus on superficial patterns and merely search a particular method to differentiate the adversarial inputs and natural inputs, ignoring the analysis of CNN inner vulnerability. Therefore, they can only target to specific physical adversarial attacks, lacking expected versatility to different attacks.	327
Is a pooling layer necessary in CNN? Can it be replaced by convolution?	Scale-Equivariant Steerable Networks  The effectiveness of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) has been substantially attributed to their built-in property of translation equivariance. However, CNNs do not have embedded mechanisms to handle other types of transformations. In this work, we pay attention to scale changes, which regularly appear in various tasks due to the changing distances between the objects and the camera.  First, we introduce the general theory for building scale-equivariant convolutional networks with steerable filters. We develop scale-convolution and generalize other common blocks to be scale-equivariant. We demonstrate the computational efficiency and numerical stability of the proposed method. We compare the proposed models to the previously developed methods for scale equivariance and local scale invariance. We demonstrate state-of-the-art results on MNIST-scale dataset and on STL-10 dataset in the supervised learning setting.	Scale-Equivariant Steerable Networks  The effectiveness of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) has been substantially attributed to their built-in property of translation equivariance. However, CNNs do not have embedded mechanisms to handle other types of transformations. In this work, we pay attention to scale changes, which regularly appear in various tasks due to the changing distances between the objects and the camera.  First, we introduce the general theory for building scale-equivariant convolutional networks with steerable filters. We develop scale-convolution and generalize other common blocks to be scale-equivariant. We demonstrate the computational efficiency and numerical stability of the proposed method. We compare the proposed models to the previously developed methods for scale equivariance and local scale invariance. We demonstrate state-of-the-art results on MNIST-scale dataset and on STL-10 dataset in the supervised learning setting.	337
Is a pooling layer necessary in CNN? Can it be replaced by convolution?	Absum: Simple Regularization Method for Reducing Structural Sensitivity   of Convolutional Neural Networks  We propose Absum, which is a regularization method for improving adversarial robustness of convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Although CNNs can accurately recognize images, recent studies have shown that the convolution operations in CNNs commonly have structural sensitivity to specific noise composed of Fourier basis functions.  By exploiting this sensitivity, they proposed a simple black-box adversarial attack: Single Fourier attack. To reduce structural sensitivity, we can use regularization of convolution filter weights since the sensitivity of linear transform can be assessed by the norm of the weights. However, standard regularization methods can prevent minimization of the loss function because they impose a tight constraint for obtaining high robustness.	Absum: Simple Regularization Method for Reducing Structural Sensitivity   of Convolutional Neural Networks  We propose Absum, which is a regularization method for improving adversarial robustness of convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Although CNNs can accurately recognize images, recent studies have shown that the convolution operations in CNNs commonly have structural sensitivity to specific noise composed of Fourier basis functions.  By exploiting this sensitivity, they proposed a simple black-box adversarial attack: Single Fourier attack. To reduce structural sensitivity, we can use regularization of convolution filter weights since the sensitivity of linear transform can be assessed by the norm of the weights. However, standard regularization methods can prevent minimization of the loss function because they impose a tight constraint for obtaining high robustness.	335
Is a pooling layer necessary in CNN? Can it be replaced by convolution?	Pooling is neither necessary nor sufficient for appropriate deformation   stability in CNNs  Many of our core assumptions about how neural networks operate remain empirically untested. One common assumption is that convolutional neural networks need to be stable to small translations and deformations to solve image recognition tasks.  For many years, this stability was baked into CNN architectures by incorporating interleaved pooling layers. Recently, however, interleaved pooling has largely been abandoned. This raises a number of questions: Are our intuitions about deformation stability right at all? Is it important? Is pooling necessary for deformation invariance?	Pooling is neither necessary nor sufficient for appropriate deformation   stability in CNNs  Many of our core assumptions about how neural networks operate remain empirically untested. One common assumption is that convolutional neural networks need to be stable to small translations and deformations to solve image recognition tasks.  For many years, this stability was baked into CNN architectures by incorporating interleaved pooling layers. Recently, however, interleaved pooling has largely been abandoned. This raises a number of questions: Are our intuitions about deformation stability right at all? Is it important? Is pooling necessary for deformation invariance?	320
How can the filters used in Convolutional Neural Networks be optimized or reduced in size?	 We represent each compressed network as a binary individual of specific fitness. Then, the population is upgraded at each evolutionary iteration using genetic operations. As a result, an extremely compact CNN is generated using the fittest individual. In this approach, either large or small convolution filters can be redundant, and filters in the compressed network are more distinct.  In addition, since the number of filters in each convolutional layer is reduced, the number of filter channels and the size of feature maps are also decreased, naturally improving both the compression and speed-up ratios. Experiments on benchmark deep CNN models suggest the superiority of the proposed algorithm over the state-of-the-art compression methods.	 In addition, since the number of filters in each convolutional layer is reduced, the number of filter channels and the size of feature maps are also decreased, naturally improving both the compression and speed-up ratios. Experiments on benchmark deep CNN models suggest the superiority of the proposed algorithm over the state-of-the-art compression methods.	311
How can the filters used in Convolutional Neural Networks be optimized or reduced in size?	 In this paper, we propose Decomposable-Net (the network decomposable in any size), which allows flexible changes to model size without retraining. We decompose weight matrices in the DNNs via singular value decomposition and adjust ranks according to the target model size. Unlike the existing low-rank compression methods that specialize the model to a fixed size, we propose a novel backpropagation scheme that jointly minimizes losses for both of full- and low-rank networks.	 In this paper, we propose Decomposable-Net (the network decomposable in any size), which allows flexible changes to model size without retraining. We decompose weight matrices in the DNNs via singular value decomposition and adjust ranks according to the target model size. Unlike the existing low-rank compression methods that specialize the model to a fixed size, we propose a novel backpropagation scheme that jointly minimizes losses for both of full- and low-rank networks.	311
How can the filters used in Convolutional Neural Networks be optimized or reduced in size?	A Theoretical Analysis of Deep Neural Networks and Parametric PDEs  We derive upper bounds on the complexity of ReLU neural networks approximating the solution maps of parametric partial differential equations. In particular, without any knowledge of its concrete shape, we use the inherent low-dimensionality of the solution manifold to obtain approximation rates which are significantly superior to those provided by classical neural network approximation results.  Concretely, we use the existence of a small reduced basis to construct, for a large variety of parametric partial differential equations, neural networks that yield approximations of the parametric solution maps in such a way that the sizes of these networks essentially only depend on the size of the reduced basis.	 Concretely, we use the existence of a small reduced basis to construct, for a large variety of parametric partial differential equations, neural networks that yield approximations of the parametric solution maps in such a way that the sizes of these networks essentially only depend on the size of the reduced basis.	318
How can the filters used in Convolutional Neural Networks be optimized or reduced in size?	 This information could be the input data or output of the previous layer, which directly leads to the feature selection or neuron pruning respectively, producing \textit{ad hoc} subset of features or selecting optimal number of neurons in each layer. Filtering layer stochastically passes or drops features based on individual weights, which are tuned with standard backpropagation algorithm during the training process. Multifold decrease of neural network size has been achieved in the experiments. Besides, the method was able to select minimal number of features, surpassing literature references by the accuracy/dimensionality ratio.	 This information could be the input data or output of the previous layer, which directly leads to the feature selection or neuron pruning respectively, producing \textit{ad hoc} subset of features or selecting optimal number of neurons in each layer. Filtering layer stochastically passes or drops features based on individual weights, which are tuned with standard backpropagation algorithm during the training process. Multifold decrease of neural network size has been achieved in the experiments. Besides, the method was able to select minimal number of features, surpassing literature references by the accuracy/dimensionality ratio.	318
How can the filters used in Convolutional Neural Networks be optimized or reduced in size?	On the Power and Limitations of Random Features for Understanding Neural   Networks  Recently, a spate of papers have provided positive theoretical results for training over-parameterized neural networks (where the network size is larger than what is needed to achieve low error). The key insight is that with sufficient over-parameterization, gradient-based methods will implicitly leave some components of the network relatively unchanged, so the optimization dynamics will behave as if those components are essentially fixed at their initial random values.  In fact, fixing these explicitly leads to the well-known approach of learning with random features. In other words, these techniques imply that we can successfully learn with neural networks, whenever we can successfully learn with random features. In this paper, we first review these techniques, providing a simple and self-contained analysis for one-hidden-layer networks.	On the Power and Limitations of Random Features for Understanding Neural   Networks  Recently, a spate of papers have provided positive theoretical results for training over-parameterized neural networks (where the network size is larger than what is needed to achieve low error). The key insight is that with sufficient over-parameterization, gradient-based methods will implicitly leave some components of the network relatively unchanged, so the optimization dynamics will behave as if those components are essentially fixed at their initial random values.  In fact, fixing these explicitly leads to the well-known approach of learning with random features. In other words, these techniques imply that we can successfully learn with neural networks, whenever we can successfully learn with random features. In this paper, we first review these techniques, providing a simple and self-contained analysis for one-hidden-layer networks.	319
Is the number of hidden layers in a convolutional neural network dependent on size of data set?	Generalization Bounds of Stochastic Gradient Descent for Wide and Deep   Neural Networks  We study the training and generalization of deep neural networks (DNNs) in the over-parameterized regime, where the network width (i.e., number of hidden nodes per layer) is much larger than the number of training data points.  We show that, the expected $0$-$1$ loss of a wide enough ReLU network trained with stochastic gradient descent (SGD) and random initialization can be bounded by the training loss of a random feature model induced by the network gradient at initialization, which we call a neural tangent random feature (NTRF) model.	Generalization Bounds of Stochastic Gradient Descent for Wide and Deep   Neural Networks  We study the training and generalization of deep neural networks (DNNs) in the over-parameterized regime, where the network width (i.e., number of hidden nodes per layer) is much larger than the number of training data points.  We show that, the expected $0$-$1$ loss of a wide enough ReLU network trained with stochastic gradient descent (SGD) and random initialization can be bounded by the training loss of a random feature model induced by the network gradient at initialization, which we call a neural tangent random feature (NTRF) model.	332
Is the number of hidden layers in a convolutional neural network dependent on size of data set?	 The theory shows that the learning complexity of the forward algorithm depends on the number of hidden units at the deepest layer and the number of active neurons at that layer (sparsity). In addition, the theory relates the number of hidden units in successive layers, thus giving a practical prescription for designing deep ReLU neural networks.  Because it puts fewer restrictions on the architecture, the backward algorithm requires more data. We demonstrate the deep dictionary learning algorithm via simulations. Finally, we use a coupon-collection argument to conjecture a lower bound on sample complexity that gives some insight as to why deep networks require more data to train than shallow ones.	 The theory shows that the learning complexity of the forward algorithm depends on the number of hidden units at the deepest layer and the number of active neurons at that layer (sparsity). In addition, the theory relates the number of hidden units in successive layers, thus giving a practical prescription for designing deep ReLU neural networks.  Because it puts fewer restrictions on the architecture, the backward algorithm requires more data. We demonstrate the deep dictionary learning algorithm via simulations. Finally, we use a coupon-collection argument to conjecture a lower bound on sample complexity that gives some insight as to why deep networks require more data to train than shallow ones.	345
Is the number of hidden layers in a convolutional neural network dependent on size of data set?	Network-size independent covering number bounds for deep networks  We give a covering number bound for deep learning networks that is independent of the size of the network. The key for the simple analysis is that for linear classifiers, rotating the data doesn't affect the covering number. Thus, we can ignore the rotation part of each layer's linear transformation, and get the covering number bound by concentrating on the scaling part.	Network-size independent covering number bounds for deep networks  We give a covering number bound for deep learning networks that is independent of the size of the network. The key for the simple analysis is that for linear classifiers, rotating the data doesn't affect the covering number. Thus, we can ignore the rotation part of each layer's linear transformation, and get the covering number bound by concentrating on the scaling part.	296
Is the number of hidden layers in a convolutional neural network dependent on size of data set?	 Network significance (NS) formula is proposed to drive the hidden nodes growing and pruning mechanism. Drift detection scenario (DDS) is put forward to signal distributional changes in data streams which induce the creation of a new hidden layer. The maximum information compression index (MICI) method plays an important role as a complexity reduction module eliminating redundant layers.  The efficacy of ADL is numerically validated under the prequential test-then-train procedure in lifelong environments using nine popular data stream problems. The numerical results demonstrate that ADL consistently outperforms recent continual learning methods while characterizing the automatic construction of network structures.	 Network significance (NS) formula is proposed to drive the hidden nodes growing and pruning mechanism. Drift detection scenario (DDS) is put forward to signal distributional changes in data streams which induce the creation of a new hidden layer. The maximum information compression index (MICI) method plays an important role as a complexity reduction module eliminating redundant layers.  The efficacy of ADL is numerically validated under the prequential test-then-train procedure in lifelong environments using nine popular data stream problems. The numerical results demonstrate that ADL consistently outperforms recent continual learning methods while characterizing the automatic construction of network structures.	364
Is the number of hidden layers in a convolutional neural network dependent on size of data set?	 One key feature of the neural networks used in these results is that their network architecture has a further constraint, namely the network sparsity. In this paper we show that we can get similar results also for least squares estimates based on simple fully connected neural networks with ReLU activation functions.  Here either the number of neurons per hidden layer is fixed and the number of hidden layers tends to infinity suitably fast for sample size tending to infinity, or the number of hidden layers is bounded by some logarithmic factor in the sample size and the number of neurons per hidden layer tends to infinity suitably fast for sample size tending to infinity. The proof is based on new approximation results concerning deep neural networks.	 Here either the number of neurons per hidden layer is fixed and the number of hidden layers tends to infinity suitably fast for sample size tending to infinity, or the number of hidden layers is bounded by some logarithmic factor in the sample size and the number of neurons per hidden layer tends to infinity suitably fast for sample size tending to infinity. The proof is based on new approximation results concerning deep neural networks.	321
How can convolutional neural networks be used for non-image data?	 Like convolutional neural networks, the proposed model has a degree of translation invariance built-in, but the amount of computation it performs can be controlled independently of the input image size. While the model is non-differentiable, it can be trained using reinforcement learning methods to learn task-specific policies. We evaluate our model on several image classification tasks, where it significantly outperforms a convolutional neural network baseline on cluttered images, and on a dynamic visual control problem, where it learns to track a simple object without an explicit training signal for doing so.	 Like convolutional neural networks, the proposed model has a degree of translation invariance built-in, but the amount of computation it performs can be controlled independently of the input image size. While the model is non-differentiable, it can be trained using reinforcement learning methods to learn task-specific policies. We evaluate our model on several image classification tasks, where it significantly outperforms a convolutional neural network baseline on cluttered images, and on a dynamic visual control problem, where it learns to track a simple object without an explicit training signal for doing so.	359
How can convolutional neural networks be used for non-image data?	 To exploit our relaxation, we propose the neural nearest neighbors block (N3 block), a novel non-local processing layer that leverages the principle of self-similarity and can be used as building block in modern neural network architectures. We show its effectiveness for the set reasoning task of correspondence classification as well as for image restoration, including image denoising and single image super-resolution, where we outperform strong convolutional neural network (CNN) baselines and recent non-local models that rely on KNN selection in hand-chosen features spaces.	 To exploit our relaxation, we propose the neural nearest neighbors block (N3 block), a novel non-local processing layer that leverages the principle of self-similarity and can be used as building block in modern neural network architectures. We show its effectiveness for the set reasoning task of correspondence classification as well as for image restoration, including image denoising and single image super-resolution, where we outperform strong convolutional neural network (CNN) baselines and recent non-local models that rely on KNN selection in hand-chosen features spaces.	340
How can convolutional neural networks be used for non-image data?	 We experimentally validated the capabilities of this deep learning-based coherent imaging approach by super-resolving complex images acquired using a lensfree on-chip holographic microscope, the resolution of which was pixel size-limited. Using the same GAN-based approach, we also improved the resolution of a lens-based holographic imaging system that was limited in resolution by the numerical aperture of its objective lens.  This deep learning-based super-resolution framework can be broadly applied to enhance the space-bandwidth product of coherent imaging systems using image data and convolutional neural networks, and provides a rapid, non-iterative method for solving inverse image reconstruction or enhancement problems in optics.	 This deep learning-based super-resolution framework can be broadly applied to enhance the space-bandwidth product of coherent imaging systems using image data and convolutional neural networks, and provides a rapid, non-iterative method for solving inverse image reconstruction or enhancement problems in optics.	334
How can convolutional neural networks be used for non-image data?	Deep Graph-Convolutional Image Denoising  Non-local self-similarity is well-known to be an effective prior for the image denoising problem. However, little work has been done to incorporate it in convolutional neural networks, which surpass non-local model-based methods despite only exploiting local information.  In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end trainable neural network architecture employing layers based on graph convolution operations, thereby creating neurons with non-local receptive fields. The graph convolution operation generalizes the classic convolution to arbitrary graphs. In this work, the graph is dynamically computed from similarities among the hidden features of the network, so that the powerful representation learning capabilities of the network are exploited to uncover self-similar patterns.	Deep Graph-Convolutional Image Denoising  Non-local self-similarity is well-known to be an effective prior for the image denoising problem. However, little work has been done to incorporate it in convolutional neural networks, which surpass non-local model-based methods despite only exploiting local information.  In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end trainable neural network architecture employing layers based on graph convolution operations, thereby creating neurons with non-local receptive fields. The graph convolution operation generalizes the classic convolution to arbitrary graphs. In this work, the graph is dynamically computed from similarities among the hidden features of the network, so that the powerful representation learning capabilities of the network are exploited to uncover self-similar patterns.	344
How can convolutional neural networks be used for non-image data?	Deep Decoder: Concise Image Representations from Untrained   Non-convolutional Networks  Deep neural networks, in particular convolutional neural networks, have become highly effective tools for compressing images and solving inverse problems including denoising, inpainting, and reconstruction from few and noisy measurements.  This success can be attributed in part to their ability to represent and generate natural images well. Contrary to classical tools such as wavelets, image-generating deep neural networks have a large number of parameters---typically a multiple of their output dimension---and need to be trained on large datasets.	Deep Decoder: Concise Image Representations from Untrained   Non-convolutional Networks  Deep neural networks, in particular convolutional neural networks, have become highly effective tools for compressing images and solving inverse problems including denoising, inpainting, and reconstruction from few and noisy measurements.  This success can be attributed in part to their ability to represent and generate natural images well. Contrary to classical tools such as wavelets, image-generating deep neural networks have a large number of parameters---typically a multiple of their output dimension---and need to be trained on large datasets.	325
Can I use Convolution neural network to classify small number of data, 668 images?	 Therefore, the early diagnosis is a key factor along the progress of the disease. This paper focuses on the biological progress of pneumonia and its detection by x-ray imaging, overviews the studies conducted on enhancing the level of diagnosis, and presents the methodology and results of an automation of xray images based on various parameters in order to detect the disease at very early stages.  In this study we propose our deep learning architecture for the classification task, which is trained with modified images, through multiple steps of preprocessing. Our classification method uses convolutional neural networks and residual network architecture for classifying the images. Our findings yield an accuracy of 78.73%, surpassing the previously top scoring accuracy of 76.8%.	 In this study we propose our deep learning architecture for the classification task, which is trained with modified images, through multiple steps of preprocessing. Our classification method uses convolutional neural networks and residual network architecture for classifying the images. Our findings yield an accuracy of 78.73%, surpassing the previously top scoring accuracy of 76.8%.	406
Can I use Convolution neural network to classify small number of data, 668 images?	 MSL consists of between-class and within-class loss. Between-class loss maximizes the differences between inter-class images, whereas within-class loss minimizes the similarities between intra-class images. We designed the proposed loss function to attach to different convolutional layers in the network in order to utilize intermediate feature maps. Experiments show that a network with MSL deepens the learning process and obtains promising results with some public datasets, such as Street View House Number (SVHN), Canadian Institute for Advanced Research (CIFAR), and our self-collected Inha Computer Vision Lab (ICVL) gender dataset.	 MSL consists of between-class and within-class loss. Between-class loss maximizes the differences between inter-class images, whereas within-class loss minimizes the similarities between intra-class images. We designed the proposed loss function to attach to different convolutional layers in the network in order to utilize intermediate feature maps. Experiments show that a network with MSL deepens the learning process and obtains promising results with some public datasets, such as Street View House Number (SVHN), Canadian Institute for Advanced Research (CIFAR), and our self-collected Inha Computer Vision Lab (ICVL) gender dataset.	403
Can I use Convolution neural network to classify small number of data, 668 images?	Striving for Simplicity: The All Convolutional Net  Most modern convolutional neural networks (CNNs) used for object recognition are built using the same principles: Alternating convolution and max-pooling layers followed by a small number of fully connected layers. We re-evaluate the state of the art for object recognition from small images with convolutional networks, questioning the necessity of different components in the pipeline.	Striving for Simplicity: The All Convolutional Net  Most modern convolutional neural networks (CNNs) used for object recognition are built using the same principles: Alternating convolution and max-pooling layers followed by a small number of fully connected layers. We re-evaluate the state of the art for object recognition from small images with convolutional networks, questioning the necessity of different components in the pipeline.	402
Can I use Convolution neural network to classify small number of data, 668 images?	Deep Network Classification by Scattering and Homotopy Dictionary   Learning  We introduce a sparse scattering deep convolutional neural network, which provides a simple model to analyze properties of deep representation learning for classification. Learning a single dictionary matrix with a classifier yields a higher classification accuracy than AlexNet over the ImageNet 2012 dataset.  The network first applies a scattering transform that linearizes variabilities due to geometric transformations such as translations and small deformations. A sparse $\ell^1$ dictionary coding reduces intra-class variability while preserving class separation through projections over unions of linear spaces. It is implemented in a deep convolutional network with a homotopy algorithm having an exponential convergence. A convergence proof is given in a general framework that includes ALISTA. Classification results are analyzed on ImageNet.	 The network first applies a scattering transform that linearizes variabilities due to geometric transformations such as translations and small deformations. A sparse $\ell^1$ dictionary coding reduces intra-class variability while preserving class separation through projections over unions of linear spaces. It is implemented in a deep convolutional network with a homotopy algorithm having an exponential convergence. A convergence proof is given in a general framework that includes ALISTA. Classification results are analyzed on ImageNet.	401
Can I use Convolution neural network to classify small number of data, 668 images?	Automated Classification of Helium Ingress in Irradiated X-750  Imaging nanoscale features using transmission electron microscopy is key to predicting and assessing the mechanical behavior of structural materials in nuclear reactors. Analyzing these micrographs is often a tedious and labour intensive manual process.  It is a prime candidate for automation. Here, a region-based convolutional neural network is adapted to detect helium bubbles in micrographs of neutron-irradiated Inconel X-750 reactor spacer springs. We demonstrate that this neural network produces analyses of similar accuracy and reproducibility to that produced by humans. Further, we show this method as being four orders of magnitude faster than manual analysis allowing for generation of significant quantities of data. The proposed method can be used with micrographs of different Fresnel contrasts and magnification levels.	 It is a prime candidate for automation. Here, a region-based convolutional neural network is adapted to detect helium bubbles in micrographs of neutron-irradiated Inconel X-750 reactor spacer springs. We demonstrate that this neural network produces analyses of similar accuracy and reproducibility to that produced by humans. Further, we show this method as being four orders of magnitude faster than manual analysis allowing for generation of significant quantities of data. The proposed method can be used with micrographs of different Fresnel contrasts and magnification levels.	401
Why are CNNs better at classification than RNNs?	 In this paper, we propose to use Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to classify human activities. Our models use raw data obtained from a set of inertial sensors. We explore several combinations of activities and sensors, showing how motion signals can be adapted to be fed into CNNs by using different network architectures.  We also compare the performance of different groups of sensors, investigating the classification potential of single, double and triple sensor systems. The experimental results obtained on a dataset of 16 lower-limb activities, collected from a group of participants with the use of five different sensors, are very promising.	 In this paper, we propose to use Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to classify human activities. Our models use raw data obtained from a set of inertial sensors. We explore several combinations of activities and sensors, showing how motion signals can be adapted to be fed into CNNs by using different network architectures.  We also compare the performance of different groups of sensors, investigating the classification potential of single, double and triple sensor systems. The experimental results obtained on a dataset of 16 lower-limb activities, collected from a group of participants with the use of five different sensors, are very promising.	363
Why are CNNs better at classification than RNNs?	 We compare our identification system based on CNN features with two baseline systems, one that employs handcrafted features and another that employs recurrent neural network (RNN) features. All systems are based on the same classifier, namely SVM. To pre-train the CNN and the RNN models for multi-class user classification, we use a different set of users than the set used for few-shot user identification, ensuring a realistic scenario.  The empirical results demonstrate that our CNN model yields a top accuracy of 89.75% in multi-class user classification and a top accuracy of 96.72% in few-shot user identification. In conclusion, we believe that our system is ready for practical use, having a better generalization capacity than both baselines.	 We compare our identification system based on CNN features with two baseline systems, one that employs handcrafted features and another that employs recurrent neural network (RNN) features. All systems are based on the same classifier, namely SVM. To pre-train the CNN and the RNN models for multi-class user classification, we use a different set of users than the set used for few-shot user identification, ensuring a realistic scenario.  The empirical results demonstrate that our CNN model yields a top accuracy of 89.75% in multi-class user classification and a top accuracy of 96.72% in few-shot user identification. In conclusion, we believe that our system is ready for practical use, having a better generalization capacity than both baselines.	376
Why are CNNs better at classification than RNNs?	CNN features are also great at unsupervised classification  This paper aims at providing insight on the transferability of deep CNN features to unsupervised problems. We study the impact of different pretrained CNN feature extractors on the problem of image set clustering for object classification as well as fine-grained classification.  We propose a rather straightforward pipeline combining deep-feature extraction using a CNN pretrained on ImageNet and a classic clustering algorithm to classify sets of images. This approach is compared to state-of-the-art algorithms in image-clustering and provides better results. These results strengthen the belief that supervised training of deep CNN on large datasets, with a large variability of classes, extracts better features than most carefully designed engineering approaches, even for unsupervised tasks. We also validate our approach on a robotic application, consisting in sorting and storing objects smartly based on clustering.	CNN features are also great at unsupervised classification  This paper aims at providing insight on the transferability of deep CNN features to unsupervised problems. We study the impact of different pretrained CNN feature extractors on the problem of image set clustering for object classification as well as fine-grained classification.  We propose a rather straightforward pipeline combining deep-feature extraction using a CNN pretrained on ImageNet and a classic clustering algorithm to classify sets of images. This approach is compared to state-of-the-art algorithms in image-clustering and provides better results. These results strengthen the belief that supervised training of deep CNN on large datasets, with a large variability of classes, extracts better features than most carefully designed engineering approaches, even for unsupervised tasks. We also validate our approach on a robotic application, consisting in sorting and storing objects smartly based on clustering.	357
Why are CNNs better at classification than RNNs?	Foveation-based Mechanisms Alleviate Adversarial Examples  We show that adversarial examples, i.e., the visually imperceptible perturbations that result in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) fail, can be alleviated with a mechanism based on foveations---applying the CNN in different image regions. To see this, first, we report results in ImageNet that lead to a revision of the hypothesis that adversarial perturbations are a consequence of CNNs acting as a linear classifier: CNNs act locally linearly to changes in the image regions with objects recognized by the CNN, and in other regions the CNN may act non-linearly.	Foveation-based Mechanisms Alleviate Adversarial Examples  We show that adversarial examples, i.e., the visually imperceptible perturbations that result in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) fail, can be alleviated with a mechanism based on foveations---applying the CNN in different image regions. To see this, first, we report results in ImageNet that lead to a revision of the hypothesis that adversarial perturbations are a consequence of CNNs acting as a linear classifier: CNNs act locally linearly to changes in the image regions with objects recognized by the CNN, and in other regions the CNN may act non-linearly.	372
Why are CNNs better at classification than RNNs?	Hierarchical Auxiliary Learning  Conventional application of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for image classification and recognition is based on the assumption that all target classes are equal(i.e., no hierarchy) and exclusive of one another (i.e., no overlap). CNN-based image classifiers built on this assumption, therefore, cannot take into account an innate hierarchy among target classes (e.	Hierarchical Auxiliary Learning  Conventional application of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for image classification and recognition is based on the assumption that all target classes are equal(i.e., no hierarchy) and exclusive of one another (i.e., no overlap). CNN-based image classifiers built on this assumption, therefore, cannot take into account an innate hierarchy among target classes (e.	371
What is the difference between a convolutional neural network and a multilayer perceptron?	 Here we explore the robustness of convolutional neural networks to perturbations to the internal weights and architecture of the network itself. We show that convolutional networks are surprisingly robust to a number of internal perturbations in the higher convolutional layers but the bottom convolutional layers are much more fragile.  For instance, Alexnet shows less than a 30% decrease in classification performance when randomly removing over 70% of weight connections in the top convolutional or dense layers but performance is almost at chance with the same perturbation in the first convolutional layer. Finally, we suggest further investigations which could continue to inform the robustness of convolutional networks to internal perturbations.	 Here we explore the robustness of convolutional neural networks to perturbations to the internal weights and architecture of the network itself. We show that convolutional networks are surprisingly robust to a number of internal perturbations in the higher convolutional layers but the bottom convolutional layers are much more fragile.  For instance, Alexnet shows less than a 30% decrease in classification performance when randomly removing over 70% of weight connections in the top convolutional or dense layers but performance is almost at chance with the same perturbation in the first convolutional layer. Finally, we suggest further investigations which could continue to inform the robustness of convolutional networks to internal perturbations.	298
What is the difference between a convolutional neural network and a multilayer perceptron?	 However, we found that these conventional transforms have the ability to capture the cross-channel correlations without any learnable parameters in DNNs. This paper firstly proposes to apply conventional transforms to pointwise convolution, showing that such transforms significantly reduce the computational complexity of neural networks without accuracy performance degradation.  Especially for DWHT, it requires no floating point multiplications but only additions and subtractions, which can considerably reduce computation overheads. In addition, its fast algorithm further reduces complexity of floating point addition from $\mathcal{O}(n^2)$ to $\mathcal{O}(n\log n)$. These nice properties construct extremely efficient networks in the number parameters and operations, enjoying accuracy gain. Our proposed DWHT-based model gained 1.49\% accuracy increase with 79.1\% reduced parameters and 48.4\% reduced FLOPs compared with its baseline model (MoblieNet-V1) on the CIFAR 100 dataset.	 However, we found that these conventional transforms have the ability to capture the cross-channel correlations without any learnable parameters in DNNs. This paper firstly proposes to apply conventional transforms to pointwise convolution, showing that such transforms significantly reduce the computational complexity of neural networks without accuracy performance degradation.  Especially for DWHT, it requires no floating point multiplications but only additions and subtractions, which can considerably reduce computation overheads. In addition, its fast algorithm further reduces complexity of floating point addition from $\mathcal{O}(n^2)$ to $\mathcal{O}(n\log n)$. These nice properties construct extremely efficient networks in the number parameters and operations, enjoying accuracy gain. Our proposed DWHT-based model gained 1.49\% accuracy increase with 79.1\% reduced parameters and 48.4\% reduced FLOPs compared with its baseline model (MoblieNet-V1) on the CIFAR 100 dataset.	286
What is the difference between a convolutional neural network and a multilayer perceptron?	Internal representation dynamics and geometry in recurrent neural   networks  The efficiency of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) in dealing with sequential data has long been established. However, unlike deep, and convolution networks where we can attribute the recognition of a certain feature to every layer, it is unclear what "sub-task" a single recurrent step or layer accomplishes.  Our work seeks to shed light onto how a vanilla RNN implements a simple classification task by analysing the dynamics of the network and the geometric properties of its hidden states. We find that early internal representations are evocative of the real labels of the data but this information is not directly accessible to the output layer. Furthermore the network's dynamics and the sequence length are both critical to correct classifications even when there is no additional task relevant information provided.	Internal representation dynamics and geometry in recurrent neural   networks  The efficiency of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) in dealing with sequential data has long been established. However, unlike deep, and convolution networks where we can attribute the recognition of a certain feature to every layer, it is unclear what "sub-task" a single recurrent step or layer accomplishes.  Our work seeks to shed light onto how a vanilla RNN implements a simple classification task by analysing the dynamics of the network and the geometric properties of its hidden states. We find that early internal representations are evocative of the real labels of the data but this information is not directly accessible to the output layer. Furthermore the network's dynamics and the sequence length are both critical to correct classifications even when there is no additional task relevant information provided.	258
What is the difference between a convolutional neural network and a multilayer perceptron?	Factors for the Generalisation of Identity Relations by Neural Networks  Many researchers implicitly assume that neural networks learn relations and generalise them to new unseen data. It has been shown recently, however, that the generalisation of feed-forward networks fails for identity relations.The proposed solution for this problem is to create an inductive bias with Differential Rectifier (DR) units.  In this work we explore various factors in the neural network architecture and learning process whether they make a difference to the generalisation on equality detection of Neural Networks without and and with DR units in early and mid fusion architectures.   We find in experiments with synthetic data effects of the number of hidden layers, the activation function and the data representation.	Factors for the Generalisation of Identity Relations by Neural Networks  Many researchers implicitly assume that neural networks learn relations and generalise them to new unseen data. It has been shown recently, however, that the generalisation of feed-forward networks fails for identity relations.The proposed solution for this problem is to create an inductive bias with Differential Rectifier (DR) units.  In this work we explore various factors in the neural network architecture and learning process whether they make a difference to the generalisation on equality detection of Neural Networks without and and with DR units in early and mid fusion architectures.   We find in experiments with synthetic data effects of the number of hidden layers, the activation function and the data representation.	280
What is the difference between a convolutional neural network and a multilayer perceptron?	 We conduct extensive empirical studies on various non-convex neural network optimization problems, including multi-layer perceptron, convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. The results indicate the block-normalized gradient can help accelerate the training of neural networks. In particular, we observe that the normalized gradient methods having constant step size with occasionally decay, such as SGD with momentum, have better performance in the deep convolution neural networks, while those with adaptive step sizes, such as Adam, perform better in recurrent neural networks. Besides, we also observe this line of methods can lead to solutions with better generalization properties, which is confirmed by the performance improvement over strong baselines.	 We conduct extensive empirical studies on various non-convex neural network optimization problems, including multi-layer perceptron, convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. The results indicate the block-normalized gradient can help accelerate the training of neural networks. In particular, we observe that the normalized gradient methods having constant step size with occasionally decay, such as SGD with momentum, have better performance in the deep convolution neural networks, while those with adaptive step sizes, such as Adam, perform better in recurrent neural networks. Besides, we also observe this line of methods can lead to solutions with better generalization properties, which is confirmed by the performance improvement over strong baselines.	297
What makes convolutional neural network architectures different?	 Here we explore the robustness of convolutional neural networks to perturbations to the internal weights and architecture of the network itself. We show that convolutional networks are surprisingly robust to a number of internal perturbations in the higher convolutional layers but the bottom convolutional layers are much more fragile.  For instance, Alexnet shows less than a 30% decrease in classification performance when randomly removing over 70% of weight connections in the top convolutional or dense layers but performance is almost at chance with the same perturbation in the first convolutional layer. Finally, we suggest further investigations which could continue to inform the robustness of convolutional networks to internal perturbations.	 Here we explore the robustness of convolutional neural networks to perturbations to the internal weights and architecture of the network itself. We show that convolutional networks are surprisingly robust to a number of internal perturbations in the higher convolutional layers but the bottom convolutional layers are much more fragile.  For instance, Alexnet shows less than a 30% decrease in classification performance when randomly removing over 70% of weight connections in the top convolutional or dense layers but performance is almost at chance with the same perturbation in the first convolutional layer. Finally, we suggest further investigations which could continue to inform the robustness of convolutional networks to internal perturbations.	292
What makes convolutional neural network architectures different?	Very Deep Convolutional Networks for Text Classification  The dominant approach for many NLP tasks are recurrent neural networks, in particular LSTMs, and convolutional neural networks. However, these architectures are rather shallow in comparison to the deep convolutional networks which have pushed the state-of-the-art in computer vision.  We present a new architecture (VDCNN) for text processing which operates directly at the character level and uses only small convolutions and pooling operations. We are able to show that the performance of this model increases with depth: using up to 29 convolutional layers, we report improvements over the state-of-the-art on several public text classification tasks. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that very deep convolutional nets have been applied to text processing.	Very Deep Convolutional Networks for Text Classification  The dominant approach for many NLP tasks are recurrent neural networks, in particular LSTMs, and convolutional neural networks. However, these architectures are rather shallow in comparison to the deep convolutional networks which have pushed the state-of-the-art in computer vision.  We present a new architecture (VDCNN) for text processing which operates directly at the character level and uses only small convolutions and pooling operations. We are able to show that the performance of this model increases with depth: using up to 29 convolutional layers, we report improvements over the state-of-the-art on several public text classification tasks. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that very deep convolutional nets have been applied to text processing.	293
What makes convolutional neural network architectures different?	sharpDARTS: Faster and More Accurate Differentiable Architecture Search  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has been a source of dramatic improvements in neural network design, with recent results meeting or exceeding the performance of hand-tuned architectures. However, our understanding of how to represent the search space for neural net architectures and how to search that space efficiently are both still in their infancy.    We have performed an in-depth analysis to identify limitations in a widely used search space and a recent architecture search method, Differentiable Architecture Search (DARTS). These findings led us to introduce novel network blocks with a more general, balanced, and consistent design; a better-optimized Cosine Power Annealing learning rate schedule; and other improvements.	sharpDARTS: Faster and More Accurate Differentiable Architecture Search  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has been a source of dramatic improvements in neural network design, with recent results meeting or exceeding the performance of hand-tuned architectures. However, our understanding of how to represent the search space for neural net architectures and how to search that space efficiently are both still in their infancy.    We have performed an in-depth analysis to identify limitations in a widely used search space and a recent architecture search method, Differentiable Architecture Search (DARTS). These findings led us to introduce novel network blocks with a more general, balanced, and consistent design; a better-optimized Cosine Power Annealing learning rate schedule; and other improvements.	289
What makes convolutional neural network architectures different?	RecNets: Channel-wise Recurrent Convolutional Neural Networks  In this paper, we introduce Channel-wise recurrent convolutional neural networks (RecNets), a family of novel, compact neural network architectures for computer vision tasks inspired by recurrent neural networks (RNNs). RecNets build upon Channel-wise recurrent convolutional (CRC) layers, a novel type of convolutional layer that splits the input channels into disjoint segments and processes them in a recurrent fashion.  In this way, we simulate wide, yet compact models, since the number of parameters is vastly reduced via the parameter sharing of the RNN formulation. Experimental results on the CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 image classification tasks demonstrate the superior size-accuracy trade-off of RecNets compared to other compact state-of-the-art architectures.	RecNets: Channel-wise Recurrent Convolutional Neural Networks  In this paper, we introduce Channel-wise recurrent convolutional neural networks (RecNets), a family of novel, compact neural network architectures for computer vision tasks inspired by recurrent neural networks (RNNs). RecNets build upon Channel-wise recurrent convolutional (CRC) layers, a novel type of convolutional layer that splits the input channels into disjoint segments and processes them in a recurrent fashion.  In this way, we simulate wide, yet compact models, since the number of parameters is vastly reduced via the parameter sharing of the RNN formulation. Experimental results on the CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 image classification tasks demonstrate the superior size-accuracy trade-off of RecNets compared to other compact state-of-the-art architectures.	292
What makes convolutional neural network architectures different?	Shared Representational Geometry Across Neural Networks  Different neural networks trained on the same dataset often learn similar input-output mappings with very different weights. Is there some correspondence between these neural network solutions? For linear networks, it has been shown that different instances of the same network architecture encode the same representational similarity matrix, and their neural activity patterns are connected by orthogonal transformations.  However, it is unclear if this holds for non-linear networks. Using a shared response model, we show that different neural networks encode the same input examples as different orthogonal transformations of an underlying shared representation. We test this claim using both standard convolutional neural networks and residual networks on CIFAR10 and CIFAR100.	Shared Representational Geometry Across Neural Networks  Different neural networks trained on the same dataset often learn similar input-output mappings with very different weights. Is there some correspondence between these neural network solutions? For linear networks, it has been shown that different instances of the same network architecture encode the same representational similarity matrix, and their neural activity patterns are connected by orthogonal transformations.  However, it is unclear if this holds for non-linear networks. Using a shared response model, we show that different neural networks encode the same input examples as different orthogonal transformations of an underlying shared representation. We test this claim using both standard convolutional neural networks and residual networks on CIFAR10 and CIFAR100.	291
Whats an intuitive explanation of 1x1 convolution in ConvNets?	CPWC: Contextual Point Wise Convolution for Object Recognition  Convolutional layers are a major driving force behind the successes of deep learning. Pointwise convolution (PWC) is a 1x1 convolutional filter that is primarily used for parameter reduction. However, the PWC ignores the spatial information around the points it is processing.  This design is by choice, in order to reduce the overall parameters and computations. However, we hypothesize that this shortcoming of PWC has a significant impact on the network performance. We propose an alternative design for pointwise convolution, which uses spatial information from the input efficiently. Our design significantly improves the performance of the networks without substantially increasing the number of parameters and computations. We experimentally show that our design results in significant improvement in the performance of the network for classification as well as detection.	CPWC: Contextual Point Wise Convolution for Object Recognition  Convolutional layers are a major driving force behind the successes of deep learning. Pointwise convolution (PWC) is a 1x1 convolutional filter that is primarily used for parameter reduction. However, the PWC ignores the spatial information around the points it is processing.  This design is by choice, in order to reduce the overall parameters and computations. However, we hypothesize that this shortcoming of PWC has a significant impact on the network performance. We propose an alternative design for pointwise convolution, which uses spatial information from the input efficiently. Our design significantly improves the performance of the networks without substantially increasing the number of parameters and computations. We experimentally show that our design results in significant improvement in the performance of the network for classification as well as detection.	397
Whats an intuitive explanation of 1x1 convolution in ConvNets?	 Here, we develop an efficient implementation of t-SNE for a $t$-distribution kernel with an arbitrary degree of freedom $\nu$, with $\nu\to\infty$ corresponding to SNE and $\nu=1$ corresponding to the standard t-SNE. Using theoretical analysis and toy examples, we show that $\nu<1$ can further reduce the crowding problem and reveal finer cluster structure that is invisible in standard t-SNE.  We further demonstrate the striking effect of heavier-tailed kernels on large real-life data sets such as MNIST, single-cell RNA-sequencing data, and the HathiTrust library. We use domain knowledge to confirm that the revealed clusters are meaningful. Overall, we argue that modifying the tail heaviness of the t-SNE kernel can yield additional insight into the cluster structure of the data.	 Here, we develop an efficient implementation of t-SNE for a $t$-distribution kernel with an arbitrary degree of freedom $\nu$, with $\nu\to\infty$ corresponding to SNE and $\nu=1$ corresponding to the standard t-SNE. Using theoretical analysis and toy examples, we show that $\nu<1$ can further reduce the crowding problem and reveal finer cluster structure that is invisible in standard t-SNE.  We further demonstrate the striking effect of heavier-tailed kernels on large real-life data sets such as MNIST, single-cell RNA-sequencing data, and the HathiTrust library. We use domain knowledge to confirm that the revealed clusters are meaningful. Overall, we argue that modifying the tail heaviness of the t-SNE kernel can yield additional insight into the cluster structure of the data.	423
Whats an intuitive explanation of 1x1 convolution in ConvNets?	 Specifically, we first concatenate features with the same spatial resolution from different tasks according to their channel dimension. Then, we show that the discriminative dimensionality reduction can be fulfilled by 1x1 Convolution, Batch Normalization, and Weight Decay in one CNN. The use of existing CNN components ensures the end-to-end training and the extensibility of the proposed NDDR layer to various state-of-the-art CNN architectures in a "plug-and-play" manner.  The detailed ablation analysis shows that the proposed NDDR layer is easy to train and also robust to different hyperparameters. Experiments on different task sets with various base network architectures demonstrate the promising performance and desirable generalizability of our proposed method. The code of our paper is available at https://github.com/ethanygao/NDDR-CNN.	 Specifically, we first concatenate features with the same spatial resolution from different tasks according to their channel dimension. Then, we show that the discriminative dimensionality reduction can be fulfilled by 1x1 Convolution, Batch Normalization, and Weight Decay in one CNN. The use of existing CNN components ensures the end-to-end training and the extensibility of the proposed NDDR layer to various state-of-the-art CNN architectures in a "plug-and-play" manner.  The detailed ablation analysis shows that the proposed NDDR layer is easy to train and also robust to different hyperparameters. Experiments on different task sets with various base network architectures demonstrate the promising performance and desirable generalizability of our proposed method. The code of our paper is available at https://github.com/ethanygao/NDDR-CNN.	400
Whats an intuitive explanation of 1x1 convolution in ConvNets?	 First, we propose a principled attribution method that we extract from the summation formula used to compute the gradient of the weights for a 1x1 convolutional layer. The resulting formula is fast to compute and can used throughout the network, allowing us to efficiently produce fined-grained importance maps.  We will show how to extend it in order to compute saliency maps at any targeted point within the network. Secondly, to make the attribution really specific to the training of the model, we introduce a meta-learning approach for saliency methods by considering an inner optimisation step within the loss.	 First, we propose a principled attribution method that we extract from the summation formula used to compute the gradient of the weights for a 1x1 convolutional layer. The resulting formula is fast to compute and can used throughout the network, allowing us to efficiently produce fined-grained importance maps.  We will show how to extend it in order to compute saliency maps at any targeted point within the network. Secondly, to make the attribution really specific to the training of the model, we introduce a meta-learning approach for saliency methods by considering an inner optimisation step within the loss.	395
Whats an intuitive explanation of 1x1 convolution in ConvNets?	 This paper proposes a novel solution for knowledge distillation from label-free few samples to realize both data efficiency and training/processing efficiency. We treat the original network as "teacher-net" and the compressed network as "student-net". A 1x1 convolution layer is added at the end of each layer block of the student-net, and we fit the block-level outputs of the student-net to the teacher-net by estimating the parameters of the added layers.  We prove that the added layer can be merged without adding extra parameters and computation cost during inference. Experiments on multiple datasets and network architectures verify the method's effectiveness on student-nets obtained by various network pruning and weight decomposition methods. Our method can recover student-net's accuracy to the same level as conventional fine-tuning methods in minutes while using only 1% label-free data of the full training data.	 This paper proposes a novel solution for knowledge distillation from label-free few samples to realize both data efficiency and training/processing efficiency. We treat the original network as "teacher-net" and the compressed network as "student-net". A 1x1 convolution layer is added at the end of each layer block of the student-net, and we fit the block-level outputs of the student-net to the teacher-net by estimating the parameters of the added layers.  We prove that the added layer can be merged without adding extra parameters and computation cost during inference. Experiments on multiple datasets and network architectures verify the method's effectiveness on student-nets obtained by various network pruning and weight decomposition methods. Our method can recover student-net's accuracy to the same level as conventional fine-tuning methods in minutes while using only 1% label-free data of the full training data.	384
Why does the convolutional neural network have higher accuracy, precision, and recall rather than other methods like SVM, KNN, and Random Forest?	 Currently, there is no class of kernel that meets all three criteria - e.g. Gaussians are not tractable or accurate; polynomials are not scalable. We propose a new class that meet all three criteria - the Tessellated Kernel (TK) class. Specifically, the TK class: admits a linear parameterization using positive matrices; is dense in all kernels; and every element in the class is universal.  This implies that the use of TK kernels for learning the kernel can obviate the need for selecting candidate kernels in algorithms such as SimpleMKL and parameters such as the bandwidth. Numerical testing on soft margin Support Vector Machine (SVM) problems show that algorithms using TK kernels outperform other kernel learning algorithms and neural networks. Furthermore, our results show that when the ratio of the number of training data to features is high, the improvement of TK over MKL increases significantly.	 This implies that the use of TK kernels for learning the kernel can obviate the need for selecting candidate kernels in algorithms such as SimpleMKL and parameters such as the bandwidth. Numerical testing on soft margin Support Vector Machine (SVM) problems show that algorithms using TK kernels outperform other kernel learning algorithms and neural networks. Furthermore, our results show that when the ratio of the number of training data to features is high, the improvement of TK over MKL increases significantly.	287
Why does the convolutional neural network have higher accuracy, precision, and recall rather than other methods like SVM, KNN, and Random Forest?	 In this context, this study utilizes data mining approaches for classification of liver patients from healthy individuals. Four algorithms (Naive Bayes, Bagging, Random forest and SVM) were implemented for classification using R platform. Further to improve the accuracy of classification a hybrid NeuroSVM model was developed using SVM and feed-forward artificial neural network (ANN).  The hybrid model was tested for its performance using statistical parameters like root mean square error (RMSE) and mean absolute percentage error (MAPE). The model resulted in a prediction accuracy of 98.83%. The results suggested that development of hybrid model improved the accuracy of prediction. To serve the medicinal community for prediction of liver disease among patients, a graphical user interface (GUI) has been developed using R. The GUI is deployed as a package in local repository of R platform for users to perform prediction.	 In this context, this study utilizes data mining approaches for classification of liver patients from healthy individuals. Four algorithms (Naive Bayes, Bagging, Random forest and SVM) were implemented for classification using R platform. Further to improve the accuracy of classification a hybrid NeuroSVM model was developed using SVM and feed-forward artificial neural network (ANN).  The hybrid model was tested for its performance using statistical parameters like root mean square error (RMSE) and mean absolute percentage error (MAPE). The model resulted in a prediction accuracy of 98.83%. The results suggested that development of hybrid model improved the accuracy of prediction. To serve the medicinal community for prediction of liver disease among patients, a graphical user interface (GUI) has been developed using R. The GUI is deployed as a package in local repository of R platform for users to perform prediction.	274
Why does the convolutional neural network have higher accuracy, precision, and recall rather than other methods like SVM, KNN, and Random Forest?	Transfer Learning for Clinical Time Series Analysis using Recurrent   Neural Networks  Deep neural networks have shown promising results for various clinical prediction tasks such as diagnosis, mortality prediction, predicting duration of stay in hospital, etc. However, training deep networks -- such as those based on Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) -- requires large labeled data, high computational resources, and significant hyperparameter tuning effort.  In this work, we investigate as to what extent can transfer learning address these issues when using deep RNNs to model multivariate clinical time series. We consider transferring the knowledge captured in an RNN trained on several source tasks simultaneously using a large labeled dataset to build the model for a target task with limited labeled data.	Transfer Learning for Clinical Time Series Analysis using Recurrent   Neural Networks  Deep neural networks have shown promising results for various clinical prediction tasks such as diagnosis, mortality prediction, predicting duration of stay in hospital, etc. However, training deep networks -- such as those based on Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) -- requires large labeled data, high computational resources, and significant hyperparameter tuning effort.  In this work, we investigate as to what extent can transfer learning address these issues when using deep RNNs to model multivariate clinical time series. We consider transferring the knowledge captured in an RNN trained on several source tasks simultaneously using a large labeled dataset to build the model for a target task with limited labeled data.	296
Why does the convolutional neural network have higher accuracy, precision, and recall rather than other methods like SVM, KNN, and Random Forest?	Convolutional Kernel Networks  An important goal in visual recognition is to devise image representations that are invariant to particular transformations. In this paper, we address this goal with a new type of convolutional neural network (CNN) whose invariance is encoded by a reproducing kernel. Unlike traditional approaches where neural networks are learned either to represent data or for solving a classification task, our network learns to approximate the kernel feature map on training data.	Convolutional Kernel Networks  An important goal in visual recognition is to devise image representations that are invariant to particular transformations. In this paper, we address this goal with a new type of convolutional neural network (CNN) whose invariance is encoded by a reproducing kernel. Unlike traditional approaches where neural networks are learned either to represent data or for solving a classification task, our network learns to approximate the kernel feature map on training data.	283
Why does the convolutional neural network have higher accuracy, precision, and recall rather than other methods like SVM, KNN, and Random Forest?	 We first train a series of deep neural networks to predict eight-class secondary structure labels given a protein's amino acid sequence information and find that using recent methods for regularization, such as dropout and weight-norm constraining, leads to measurable gains in accuracy. We then adapt recent convolutional neural network architectures--Inception, ReSNet, and DenseNet with Batch Normalization--to the problem of protein structure prediction.  These convolutional architectures make heavy use of multi-scale filter layers that simultaneously compute features on several scales, and use residual connections to prevent underfitting. Using a carefully modified version of these architectures, we achieve state-of-the-art performance of 70.0% per amino acid accuracy on the public CB513 benchmark dataset.	 We first train a series of deep neural networks to predict eight-class secondary structure labels given a protein's amino acid sequence information and find that using recent methods for regularization, such as dropout and weight-norm constraining, leads to measurable gains in accuracy. We then adapt recent convolutional neural network architectures--Inception, ReSNet, and DenseNet with Batch Normalization--to the problem of protein structure prediction.  These convolutional architectures make heavy use of multi-scale filter layers that simultaneously compute features on several scales, and use residual connections to prevent underfitting. Using a carefully modified version of these architectures, we achieve state-of-the-art performance of 70.0% per amino acid accuracy on the public CB513 benchmark dataset.	282
How can I train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with non symmetric images of different sizes?	PCNNA: A Photonic Convolutional Neural Network Accelerator  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have been the centerpiece of many applications including but not limited to computer vision, speech processing, and Natural Language Processing (NLP). However, the computationally expensive convolution operations impose many challenges to the performance and scalability of CNNs.  In parallel, photonic systems, which are traditionally employed for data communication, have enjoyed recent popularity for data processing due to their high bandwidth, low power consumption, and reconfigurability. Here we propose a Photonic Convolutional Neural Network Accelerator (PCNNA) as a proof of concept design to speedup the convolution operation for CNNs.	PCNNA: A Photonic Convolutional Neural Network Accelerator  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have been the centerpiece of many applications including but not limited to computer vision, speech processing, and Natural Language Processing (NLP). However, the computationally expensive convolution operations impose many challenges to the performance and scalability of CNNs.  In parallel, photonic systems, which are traditionally employed for data communication, have enjoyed recent popularity for data processing due to their high bandwidth, low power consumption, and reconfigurability. Here we propose a Photonic Convolutional Neural Network Accelerator (PCNNA) as a proof of concept design to speedup the convolution operation for CNNs.	316
How can I train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with non symmetric images of different sizes?	Multi-scale Dynamic Graph Convolutional Network for Hyperspectral Image   Classification  Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) has demonstrated impressive ability to represent hyperspectral images and to achieve promising results in hyperspectral image classification. However, traditional CNN models can only operate convolution on regular square image regions with fixed size and weights, so they cannot universally adapt to the distinct local regions with various object distributions and geometric appearances.  Therefore, their classification performances are still to be improved, especially in class boundaries. To alleviate this shortcoming, we consider employing the recently proposed Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) for hyperspectral image classification, as it can conduct the convolution on arbitrarily structured non-Euclidean data and is applicable to the irregular image regions represented by graph topological information.	Multi-scale Dynamic Graph Convolutional Network for Hyperspectral Image   Classification  Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) has demonstrated impressive ability to represent hyperspectral images and to achieve promising results in hyperspectral image classification. However, traditional CNN models can only operate convolution on regular square image regions with fixed size and weights, so they cannot universally adapt to the distinct local regions with various object distributions and geometric appearances.  Therefore, their classification performances are still to be improved, especially in class boundaries. To alleviate this shortcoming, we consider employing the recently proposed Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) for hyperspectral image classification, as it can conduct the convolution on arbitrarily structured non-Euclidean data and is applicable to the irregular image regions represented by graph topological information.	310
How can I train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with non symmetric images of different sizes?	 Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been shown to outperform these feature-based models in computer vision tasks. However, training a CNN from scratch needs a large sample size which is not feasible in most medical imaging studies. As an alternative solution, CNN-based transfer learning has shown potential for achieving reasonable performance using small datasets.  In this work, we developed and validated a CNN-based transfer learning approach for prognostication of PDAC patients for overall survival using two independent resectable PDAC cohorts. The proposed deep transfer learning model for prognostication of PDAC achieved the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.74, which was significantly higher than that of the traditional radiomics model (0.56) as well as a CNN model trained from scratch (0.50). These results suggest that deep transfer learning may significantly improve prognosis performance using small datasets in medical imaging.	 Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been shown to outperform these feature-based models in computer vision tasks. However, training a CNN from scratch needs a large sample size which is not feasible in most medical imaging studies. As an alternative solution, CNN-based transfer learning has shown potential for achieving reasonable performance using small datasets.  In this work, we developed and validated a CNN-based transfer learning approach for prognostication of PDAC patients for overall survival using two independent resectable PDAC cohorts. The proposed deep transfer learning model for prognostication of PDAC achieved the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.74, which was significantly higher than that of the traditional radiomics model (0.56) as well as a CNN model trained from scratch (0.50). These results suggest that deep transfer learning may significantly improve prognosis performance using small datasets in medical imaging.	314
How can I train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with non symmetric images of different sizes?	 In this work, we show that deep learning models cannot generalize to atypical images that are substantially different from training images. This is in contrast to the superior generalization ability of the visual system in the human brain. We focus on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) as the state-of-the-art models in object recognition and classification; investigate this problem in more detail, and hypothesize that training CNN models suffer from unstructured loss minimization.  We propose computational models to improve the generalization capacity of CNNs by considering how typical a training image looks like. By conducting an extensive set of experiments we show that involving a typicality measure can improve the classification results on a new set of images by a large margin. More importantly, this significant improvement is achieved without fine-tuning the CNN model on the target image set.	 In this work, we show that deep learning models cannot generalize to atypical images that are substantially different from training images. This is in contrast to the superior generalization ability of the visual system in the human brain. We focus on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) as the state-of-the-art models in object recognition and classification; investigate this problem in more detail, and hypothesize that training CNN models suffer from unstructured loss minimization.  We propose computational models to improve the generalization capacity of CNNs by considering how typical a training image looks like. By conducting an extensive set of experiments we show that involving a typicality measure can improve the classification results on a new set of images by a large margin. More importantly, this significant improvement is achieved without fine-tuning the CNN model on the target image set.	316
How can I train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) with non symmetric images of different sizes?	 To accurately and stably classify a set, it is essential to represent structural information of the set accurately. There are various representative image features, such as histogram based features, HLAC, and Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) features. We should note that most of them have non-negativity and thus can be effectively represented by a convex cone.  This leads us to introduce the convex cone representation to image-set classification. To establish a convex cone based framework, we mathematically define multiple angles between two convex cones, and then define the geometric similarity between the cones using the angles. Moreover, to enhance the framework, we introduce a discriminant space that maximizes the between-class variance (gaps) and minimizes the within-class variance of the projected convex cones onto the discriminant space, similar to the Fisher discriminant analysis.	 To accurately and stably classify a set, it is essential to represent structural information of the set accurately. There are various representative image features, such as histogram based features, HLAC, and Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) features. We should note that most of them have non-negativity and thus can be effectively represented by a convex cone.  This leads us to introduce the convex cone representation to image-set classification. To establish a convex cone based framework, we mathematically define multiple angles between two convex cones, and then define the geometric similarity between the cones using the angles. Moreover, to enhance the framework, we introduce a discriminant space that maximizes the between-class variance (gaps) and minimizes the within-class variance of the projected convex cones onto the discriminant space, similar to the Fisher discriminant analysis.	309
How can l choose the dimensions of my convolutional filters and pooling in convolutional neural network?	 Incorporating additional information, such as item or user descriptions, into collaborative filtering can address the cold-start problem. In this paper, we present a neural network model with latent input variables (latent neural network or LNN) as a hybrid collaborative filtering technique that addresses the cold-start problem. LNN outperforms a broad selection of content-based filters (which make recommendations based on item descriptions) and other hybrid approaches while maintaining the accuracy of state-of-the-art collaborative filtering techniques.	 Incorporating additional information, such as item or user descriptions, into collaborative filtering can address the cold-start problem. In this paper, we present a neural network model with latent input variables (latent neural network or LNN) as a hybrid collaborative filtering technique that addresses the cold-start problem. LNN outperforms a broad selection of content-based filters (which make recommendations based on item descriptions) and other hybrid approaches while maintaining the accuracy of state-of-the-art collaborative filtering techniques.	353
How can l choose the dimensions of my convolutional filters and pooling in convolutional neural network?	Neural Importance Sampling  We propose to use deep neural networks for generating samples in Monte Carlo integration. Our work is based on non-linear independent components estimation (NICE), which we extend in numerous ways to improve performance and enable its application to integration problems. First, we introduce piecewise-polynomial coupling transforms that greatly increase the modeling power of individual coupling layers.  Second, we propose to preprocess the inputs of neural networks using one-blob encoding, which stimulates localization of computation and improves inference. Third, we derive a gradient-descent-based optimization for the KL and the $\chi^2$ divergence for the specific application of Monte Carlo integration with unnormalized stochastic estimates of the target distribution.	Neural Importance Sampling  We propose to use deep neural networks for generating samples in Monte Carlo integration. Our work is based on non-linear independent components estimation (NICE), which we extend in numerous ways to improve performance and enable its application to integration problems. First, we introduce piecewise-polynomial coupling transforms that greatly increase the modeling power of individual coupling layers.  Second, we propose to preprocess the inputs of neural networks using one-blob encoding, which stimulates localization of computation and improves inference. Third, we derive a gradient-descent-based optimization for the KL and the $\chi^2$ divergence for the specific application of Monte Carlo integration with unnormalized stochastic estimates of the target distribution.	371
How can l choose the dimensions of my convolutional filters and pooling in convolutional neural network?	 However, to date, these methods have not yet been successfully applied to the analysis of long stretches of data recorded by the Advanced LIGO and Virgo gravitational-wave observatories. In this work, we critically examine the use of convolutional neural networks as a tool to search for merging black holes.  We identify the strengths and limitations of this approach, highlight some common pitfalls in translating between machine learning and gravitational-wave astronomy, and discuss the interdisciplinary challenges. In particular, we explain in detail why convolutional neural networks alone cannot be used to claim a statistically significant gravitational-wave detection.  However, we demonstrate how they can still be used to rapidly flag the times of potential signals in the data for a more detailed follow-up. Our convolutional neural network architecture as well as the proposed performance metrics are better suited for this task than a standard binary classifications scheme.	 We identify the strengths and limitations of this approach, highlight some common pitfalls in translating between machine learning and gravitational-wave astronomy, and discuss the interdisciplinary challenges. In particular, we explain in detail why convolutional neural networks alone cannot be used to claim a statistically significant gravitational-wave detection.	369
How can l choose the dimensions of my convolutional filters and pooling in convolutional neural network?	 Typically, tedious labor by experts is needed to acquire this data, thus limiting the readiness of the system as well as its ease of installation for inexperienced operators. In this paper, we propose a memory and computationally efficient monocular camera-based localization system that allows a robot to estimate its pose given an architectural floor plan.  Our method employs a convolutional neural network to predict room layout edges from a single camera image and estimates the robot pose using a particle filter that matches the extracted edges to the given floor plan. We evaluate our localization system using multiple real-world experiments and demonstrate that it has the robustness and accuracy required for reliable indoor navigation.	 Our method employs a convolutional neural network to predict room layout edges from a single camera image and estimates the robot pose using a particle filter that matches the extracted edges to the given floor plan. We evaluate our localization system using multiple real-world experiments and demonstrate that it has the robustness and accuracy required for reliable indoor navigation.	373
How can l choose the dimensions of my convolutional filters and pooling in convolutional neural network?	 Besides showing that they can be easily implemented with modern machine learning frameworks , we confirm and extend the observation that a Max-plus layer can be used to select important filters and reduce redundancy in its previous layer, without incurring performance loss. Experimental results demonstrate that the filter selection strategy enabled by a Max-plus is highly efficient and robust, through which we successfully performed model pruning on different neural network architectures. We also point out that there is a close connection between Maxout networks and our pruned Max-plus networks by comparing their respective characteristics. The code for reproducing our experiments is available online.	 Besides showing that they can be easily implemented with modern machine learning frameworks , we confirm and extend the observation that a Max-plus layer can be used to select important filters and reduce redundancy in its previous layer, without incurring performance loss. Experimental results demonstrate that the filter selection strategy enabled by a Max-plus is highly efficient and robust, through which we successfully performed model pruning on different neural network architectures. We also point out that there is a close connection between Maxout networks and our pruned Max-plus networks by comparing their respective characteristics. The code for reproducing our experiments is available online.	366
Why would increasing the amount of training data decrease the performance of a convolutional neural network?	 This is done by training a neural network to generate samples from the data distribution using a recent deep learning technique called generative adversarial networks. By emulating the data generating process, the relevant statistics of the data are replicated. The method is assessed in subsurface flow problems, where effective parametrization of underground properties such as permeability is important due to the high dimensionality and presence of high spatial correlations.  We experiment with realizations of binary channelized subsurface permeability and perform uncertainty quantification and parameter estimation. Results show that the parametrization using generative adversarial networks is very effective in preserving visual realism as well as high order statistics of the flow responses, while achieving a dimensionality reduction of two orders of magnitude.	 This is done by training a neural network to generate samples from the data distribution using a recent deep learning technique called generative adversarial networks. By emulating the data generating process, the relevant statistics of the data are replicated. The method is assessed in subsurface flow problems, where effective parametrization of underground properties such as permeability is important due to the high dimensionality and presence of high spatial correlations.  We experiment with realizations of binary channelized subsurface permeability and perform uncertainty quantification and parameter estimation. Results show that the parametrization using generative adversarial networks is very effective in preserving visual realism as well as high order statistics of the flow responses, while achieving a dimensionality reduction of two orders of magnitude.	237
Why would increasing the amount of training data decrease the performance of a convolutional neural network?	Compressing Recurrent Neural Network with Tensor Train  Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) are a popular choice for modeling temporal and sequential tasks and achieve many state-of-the-art performance on various complex problems. However, most of the state-of-the-art RNNs have millions of parameters and require many computational resources for training and predicting new data.  This paper proposes an alternative RNN model to reduce the number of parameters significantly by representing the weight parameters based on Tensor Train (TT) format. In this paper, we implement the TT-format representation for several RNN architectures such as simple RNN and Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU). We compare and evaluate our proposed RNN model with uncompressed RNN model on sequence classification and sequence prediction tasks. Our proposed RNNs with TT-format are able to preserve the performance while reducing the number of RNN parameters significantly up to 40 times smaller.	Compressing Recurrent Neural Network with Tensor Train  Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) are a popular choice for modeling temporal and sequential tasks and achieve many state-of-the-art performance on various complex problems. However, most of the state-of-the-art RNNs have millions of parameters and require many computational resources for training and predicting new data.  This paper proposes an alternative RNN model to reduce the number of parameters significantly by representing the weight parameters based on Tensor Train (TT) format. In this paper, we implement the TT-format representation for several RNN architectures such as simple RNN and Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU). We compare and evaluate our proposed RNN model with uncompressed RNN model on sequence classification and sequence prediction tasks. Our proposed RNNs with TT-format are able to preserve the performance while reducing the number of RNN parameters significantly up to 40 times smaller.	234
Why would increasing the amount of training data decrease the performance of a convolutional neural network?	 Neural Programmer can call these augmented operations over several steps, thereby inducing compositional programs that are more complex than the built-in operations. The model learns from a weak supervision signal which is the result of execution of the correct program, hence it does not require expensive annotation of the correct program itself.  The decisions of what operations to call, and what data segments to apply to are inferred by Neural Programmer. Such decisions, during training, are done in a differentiable fashion so that the entire network can be trained jointly by gradient descent. We find that training the model is difficult, but it can be greatly improved by adding random noise to the gradient. On a fairly complex synthetic table-comprehension dataset, traditional recurrent networks and attentional models perform poorly while Neural Programmer typically obtains nearly perfect accuracy.	 The decisions of what operations to call, and what data segments to apply to are inferred by Neural Programmer. Such decisions, during training, are done in a differentiable fashion so that the entire network can be trained jointly by gradient descent. We find that training the model is difficult, but it can be greatly improved by adding random noise to the gradient. On a fairly complex synthetic table-comprehension dataset, traditional recurrent networks and attentional models perform poorly while Neural Programmer typically obtains nearly perfect accuracy.	232
Why would increasing the amount of training data decrease the performance of a convolutional neural network?	Limiting the Reconstruction Capability of Generative Neural Network   using Negative Learning  Generative models are widely used for unsupervised learning with various applications, including data compression and signal restoration. Training methods for such systems focus on the generality of the network given limited amount of training data.  A less researched type of techniques concerns generation of only a single type of input. This is useful for applications such as constraint handling, noise reduction and anomaly detection. In this paper we present a technique to limit the generative capability of the network using negative learning.	Limiting the Reconstruction Capability of Generative Neural Network   using Negative Learning  Generative models are widely used for unsupervised learning with various applications, including data compression and signal restoration. Training methods for such systems focus on the generality of the network given limited amount of training data.  A less researched type of techniques concerns generation of only a single type of input. This is useful for applications such as constraint handling, noise reduction and anomaly detection. In this paper we present a technique to limit the generative capability of the network using negative learning.	235
Why would increasing the amount of training data decrease the performance of a convolutional neural network?	 In this work we show that these fundamental properties are satisfied by the architecture of deep neural networks. We formally prove that these networks with random Gaussian weights perform a distance-preserving embedding of the data, with a special treatment for in-class and out-of-class data. Similar points at the input of the network are likely to have a similar output.  The theoretical analysis of deep networks here presented exploits tools used in the compressed sensing and dictionary learning literature, thereby making a formal connection between these important topics. The derived results allow drawing conclusions on the metric learning properties of the network and their relation to its structure, as well as providing bounds on the required size of the training set such that the training examples would represent faithfully the unseen data. The results are validated with state-of-the-art trained networks.	 The theoretical analysis of deep networks here presented exploits tools used in the compressed sensing and dictionary learning literature, thereby making a formal connection between these important topics. The derived results allow drawing conclusions on the metric learning properties of the network and their relation to its structure, as well as providing bounds on the required size of the training set such that the training examples would represent faithfully the unseen data. The results are validated with state-of-the-art trained networks.	237
How can l explain that applying max-pooling/subsampling in CNN doesnt cause information loss?	 Information concerning absolute position is inherently useful, and it is reasonable to assume that deep CNNs may implicitly learn to encode this information if there is a means to do so. In this paper, we test this hypothesis revealing the surprising degree of absolute position information that is encoded in commonly used neural networks. A comprehensive set of experiments show the validity of this hypothesis and shed light on how and where this information is represented while offering clues to where positional information is derived from in deep CNNs.	 Information concerning absolute position is inherently useful, and it is reasonable to assume that deep CNNs may implicitly learn to encode this information if there is a means to do so. In this paper, we test this hypothesis revealing the surprising degree of absolute position information that is encoded in commonly used neural networks. A comprehensive set of experiments show the validity of this hypothesis and shed light on how and where this information is represented while offering clues to where positional information is derived from in deep CNNs.	303
How can l explain that applying max-pooling/subsampling in CNN doesnt cause information loss?	Exploiting Clinically Available Delineations for CNN-based Segmentation   in Radiotherapy Treatment Planning  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been widely and successfully used for medical image segmentation. However, CNNs are typically considered to require large numbers of dedicated expert-segmented training volumes, which may be limiting in practice.  This work investigates whether clinically obtained segmentations which are readily available in picture archiving and communication systems (PACS) could provide a possible source of data to train a CNN for segmentation of organs-at-risk (OARs) in radiotherapy treatment planning. In such data, delineations of structures deemed irrelevant to the target clinical use may be lacking.	Exploiting Clinically Available Delineations for CNN-based Segmentation   in Radiotherapy Treatment Planning  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been widely and successfully used for medical image segmentation. However, CNNs are typically considered to require large numbers of dedicated expert-segmented training volumes, which may be limiting in practice.  This work investigates whether clinically obtained segmentations which are readily available in picture archiving and communication systems (PACS) could provide a possible source of data to train a CNN for segmentation of organs-at-risk (OARs) in radiotherapy treatment planning. In such data, delineations of structures deemed irrelevant to the target clinical use may be lacking.	310
How can l explain that applying max-pooling/subsampling in CNN doesnt cause information loss?	Non-local RoI for Cross-Object Perception  We present a generic and flexible module that encodes region proposals by both their intrinsic features and the extrinsic correlations to the others. The proposed non-local region of interest (NL-RoI) can be seamlessly adapted into different generalized R-CNN architectures to better address various perception tasks.  Observe that existing techniques from R-CNN treat RoIs independently and perform the prediction solely based on image features within each region proposal. However, the pairwise relationships between proposals could further provide useful information for detection and segmentation. NL-RoI is thus formulated to enrich each RoI representation with the information from all other RoIs, and yield a simple, low-cost, yet effective module for region-based convolutional networks. Our experimental results show that NL-RoI can improve the performance of Faster/Mask R-CNN for object detection and instance segmentation.	 Observe that existing techniques from R-CNN treat RoIs independently and perform the prediction solely based on image features within each region proposal. However, the pairwise relationships between proposals could further provide useful information for detection and segmentation. NL-RoI is thus formulated to enrich each RoI representation with the information from all other RoIs, and yield a simple, low-cost, yet effective module for region-based convolutional networks. Our experimental results show that NL-RoI can improve the performance of Faster/Mask R-CNN for object detection and instance segmentation.	300
How can l explain that applying max-pooling/subsampling in CNN doesnt cause information loss?	 For wide networks, the trajectory under gradient descent is governed by the Neural Tangent Kernel (NTK), and for deep networks the NTK itself maintains only weak data dependence. By analyzing the spectrum of the NTK, we formulate necessary conditions for trainability and generalization across a range of architectures, including Fully Connected Networks (FCNs) and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs).  We identify large regions of hyperparameter space for which networks can memorize the training set but completely fail to generalize. We find that CNNs without global average pooling behave almost identically to FCNs, but that CNNs with pooling have markedly different and often better generalization performance. These theoretical results are corroborated experimentally on CIFAR10 for a variety of network architectures and we include a colab notebook that reproduces the essential results of the paper.	 We identify large regions of hyperparameter space for which networks can memorize the training set but completely fail to generalize. We find that CNNs without global average pooling behave almost identically to FCNs, but that CNNs with pooling have markedly different and often better generalization performance. These theoretical results are corroborated experimentally on CIFAR10 for a variety of network architectures and we include a colab notebook that reproduces the essential results of the paper.	306
How can l explain that applying max-pooling/subsampling in CNN doesnt cause information loss?	 The regularization is formulated to account for different types of motion that can occur between frames, so that temporally stable CNNs can be trained without the need for video material or expensive motion estimation. The training can be performed as a fine-tuning operation, without architectural modifications of the CNN. Our evaluation shows that the training strategy leads to large improvements in temporal smoothness. Moreover, for small datasets the regularization can help in boosting the generalization performance to a much larger extent than what is possible with na\"ive augmentation strategies.	 The regularization is formulated to account for different types of motion that can occur between frames, so that temporally stable CNNs can be trained without the need for video material or expensive motion estimation. The training can be performed as a fine-tuning operation, without architectural modifications of the CNN. Our evaluation shows that the training strategy leads to large improvements in temporal smoothness. Moreover, for small datasets the regularization can help in boosting the generalization performance to a much larger extent than what is possible with na\"ive augmentation strategies.	307
How do Convolutional Neural Networks develop more complex features?	Convolutional Rectifier Networks as Generalized Tensor Decompositions  Convolutional rectifier networks, i.e. convolutional neural networks with rectified linear activation and max or average pooling, are the cornerstone of modern deep learning. However, despite their wide use and success, our theoretical understanding of the expressive properties that drive these networks is partial at best.  On the other hand, we have a much firmer grasp of these issues in the world of arithmetic circuits. Specifically, it is known that convolutional arithmetic circuits possess the property of "complete depth efficiency", meaning that besides a negligible set, all functions that can be implemented by a deep network of polynomial size, require exponential size in order to be implemented (or even approximated) by a shallow network.	Convolutional Rectifier Networks as Generalized Tensor Decompositions  Convolutional rectifier networks, i.e. convolutional neural networks with rectified linear activation and max or average pooling, are the cornerstone of modern deep learning. However, despite their wide use and success, our theoretical understanding of the expressive properties that drive these networks is partial at best.  On the other hand, we have a much firmer grasp of these issues in the world of arithmetic circuits. Specifically, it is known that convolutional arithmetic circuits possess the property of "complete depth efficiency", meaning that besides a negligible set, all functions that can be implemented by a deep network of polynomial size, require exponential size in order to be implemented (or even approximated) by a shallow network.	283
How do Convolutional Neural Networks develop more complex features?	Can We Gain More from Orthogonality Regularizations in Training Deep   CNNs?  This paper seeks to answer the question: as the (near-) orthogonality of weights is found to be a favorable property for training deep convolutional neural networks, how can we enforce it in more effective and easy-to-use ways?  We develop novel orthogonality regularizations on training deep CNNs, utilizing various advanced analytical tools such as mutual coherence and restricted isometry property. These plug-and-play regularizations can be conveniently incorporated into training almost any CNN without extra hassle. We then benchmark their effects on state-of-the-art models: ResNet, WideResNet, and ResNeXt, on several most popular computer vision datasets: CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN and ImageNet.	Can We Gain More from Orthogonality Regularizations in Training Deep   CNNs?  This paper seeks to answer the question: as the (near-) orthogonality of weights is found to be a favorable property for training deep convolutional neural networks, how can we enforce it in more effective and easy-to-use ways?  We develop novel orthogonality regularizations on training deep CNNs, utilizing various advanced analytical tools such as mutual coherence and restricted isometry property. These plug-and-play regularizations can be conveniently incorporated into training almost any CNN without extra hassle. We then benchmark their effects on state-of-the-art models: ResNet, WideResNet, and ResNeXt, on several most popular computer vision datasets: CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN and ImageNet.	283
How do Convolutional Neural Networks develop more complex features?	Differentiable Learning-to-Group Channels via Groupable Convolutional   Neural Networks  Group convolution, which divides the channels of ConvNets into groups, has achieved impressive improvement over the regular convolution operation. However, existing models, eg. ResNeXt, still suffers from the sub-optimal performance due to manually defining the number of groups as a constant over all of the layers.  Toward addressing this issue, we present Groupable ConvNet (GroupNet) built by using a novel dynamic grouping convolution (DGConv) operation, which is able to learn the number of groups in an end-to-end manner. The proposed approach has several appealing benefits. (1) DGConv provides a unified convolution representation and covers many existing convolution operations such as regular dense convolution, group convolution, and depthwise convolution.	Differentiable Learning-to-Group Channels via Groupable Convolutional   Neural Networks  Group convolution, which divides the channels of ConvNets into groups, has achieved impressive improvement over the regular convolution operation. However, existing models, eg. ResNeXt, still suffers from the sub-optimal performance due to manually defining the number of groups as a constant over all of the layers.  Toward addressing this issue, we present Groupable ConvNet (GroupNet) built by using a novel dynamic grouping convolution (DGConv) operation, which is able to learn the number of groups in an end-to-end manner. The proposed approach has several appealing benefits. (1) DGConv provides a unified convolution representation and covers many existing convolution operations such as regular dense convolution, group convolution, and depthwise convolution.	272
How do Convolutional Neural Networks develop more complex features?	Deep Likelihood Network for Image Restoration with Multiple Degradation   Levels  Convolutional neural networks have been proven effective in a variety of image restoration tasks. Most state-of-the-art solutions, however, are trained using images with a single particular degradation level, and their performance deteriorates drastically when applied to other degradation settings.  In this paper, we propose deep likelihood network (DL-Net), aiming at generalizing off-the-shelf image restoration networks to succeed over a spectrum of degradation levels. We slightly modify an off-the-shelf network by appending a simple recursive module, which is derived from a fidelity term, for disentangling the computation for multiple degradation levels. Extensive experimental results on image inpainting, interpolation, and super-resolution show the effectiveness of our DL-Net.	Deep Likelihood Network for Image Restoration with Multiple Degradation   Levels  Convolutional neural networks have been proven effective in a variety of image restoration tasks. Most state-of-the-art solutions, however, are trained using images with a single particular degradation level, and their performance deteriorates drastically when applied to other degradation settings.  In this paper, we propose deep likelihood network (DL-Net), aiming at generalizing off-the-shelf image restoration networks to succeed over a spectrum of degradation levels. We slightly modify an off-the-shelf network by appending a simple recursive module, which is derived from a fidelity term, for disentangling the computation for multiple degradation levels. Extensive experimental results on image inpainting, interpolation, and super-resolution show the effectiveness of our DL-Net.	281
How do Convolutional Neural Networks develop more complex features?	Do Deep Neural Networks Learn Facial Action Units When Doing Expression   Recognition?  Despite being the appearance-based classifier of choice in recent years, relatively few works have examined how much convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can improve performance on accepted expression recognition benchmarks and, more importantly, examine what it is they actually learn.  In this work, not only do we show that CNNs can achieve strong performance, but we also introduce an approach to decipher which portions of the face influence the CNN's predictions. First, we train a zero-bias CNN on facial expression data and achieve, to our knowledge, state-of-the-art performance on two expression recognition benchmarks: the extended Cohn-Kanade (CK+) dataset and the Toronto Face Dataset (TFD).	Do Deep Neural Networks Learn Facial Action Units When Doing Expression   Recognition?  Despite being the appearance-based classifier of choice in recent years, relatively few works have examined how much convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can improve performance on accepted expression recognition benchmarks and, more importantly, examine what it is they actually learn.  In this work, not only do we show that CNNs can achieve strong performance, but we also introduce an approach to decipher which portions of the face influence the CNN's predictions. First, we train a zero-bias CNN on facial expression data and achieve, to our knowledge, state-of-the-art performance on two expression recognition benchmarks: the extended Cohn-Kanade (CK+) dataset and the Toronto Face Dataset (TFD).	249
Why dont they use activation functions in some CNNs for some last convolution layers?	On the Equivalence of Convolutional and Hadamard Networks using DFT  In this paper we introduce activation functions that move the entire computation of Convolutional Networks into the frequency domain, where they are actually Hadamard Networks. To achieve this result we employ the properties of Discrete Fourier Transform. We present some implementation details and experimental results, as well as some insights into why convolutional networks perform well in learning use cases.	On the Equivalence of Convolutional and Hadamard Networks using DFT  In this paper we introduce activation functions that move the entire computation of Convolutional Networks into the frequency domain, where they are actually Hadamard Networks. To achieve this result we employ the properties of Discrete Fourier Transform. We present some implementation details and experimental results, as well as some insights into why convolutional networks perform well in learning use cases.	304
Why dont they use activation functions in some CNNs for some last convolution layers?	 In this paper, we focus on neutralizing adversarial attacks by compact feature learning. In particular, we show that learning features in a closed and bounded space improves the robustness of the network. We explore the effect of L2-Softmax Loss, that enforces compactness in the learned features, thus resulting in enhanced robustness to adversarial perturbations.  Additionally, we propose compact convolution, a novel method of convolution that when incorporated in conventional CNNs improves their robustness. Compact convolution ensures feature compactness at every layer such that they are bounded and close to each other. Extensive experiments show that Compact Convolutional Networks (CCNs) neutralize multiple types of attacks, and perform better than existing methods in defending adversarial attacks, without incurring any additional training overhead compared to CNNs.	 Additionally, we propose compact convolution, a novel method of convolution that when incorporated in conventional CNNs improves their robustness. Compact convolution ensures feature compactness at every layer such that they are bounded and close to each other. Extensive experiments show that Compact Convolutional Networks (CCNs) neutralize multiple types of attacks, and perform better than existing methods in defending adversarial attacks, without incurring any additional training overhead compared to CNNs.	323
Why dont they use activation functions in some CNNs for some last convolution layers?	Learning Steerable Filters for Rotation Equivariant CNNs  In many machine learning tasks it is desirable that a model's prediction transforms in an equivariant way under transformations of its input. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) implement translational equivariance by construction; for other transformations, however, they are compelled to learn the proper mapping.  In this work, we develop Steerable Filter CNNs (SFCNNs) which achieve joint equivariance under translations and rotations by design. The proposed architecture employs steerable filters to efficiently compute orientation dependent responses for many orientations without suffering interpolation artifacts from filter rotation.	Learning Steerable Filters for Rotation Equivariant CNNs  In many machine learning tasks it is desirable that a model's prediction transforms in an equivariant way under transformations of its input. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) implement translational equivariance by construction; for other transformations, however, they are compelled to learn the proper mapping.  In this work, we develop Steerable Filter CNNs (SFCNNs) which achieve joint equivariance under translations and rotations by design. The proposed architecture employs steerable filters to efficiently compute orientation dependent responses for many orientations without suffering interpolation artifacts from filter rotation.	323
Why dont they use activation functions in some CNNs for some last convolution layers?	 These binary decisions form indices in the conditional distributions and we show how they are used to replace 2D weight matrices as well as 3D weight tensors. These new layers can be trained like convolution layers in CNNs based on the backpropagation algorithm, for which we provide a formalization.   Our results on multiple publicly available data sets show that our approach performs similar to conventional neuronal networks. Beyond the formalized reduction of complexity and the improved qualitative performance, we show the runtime improvement empirically compared to convolution layers.	 These binary decisions form indices in the conditional distributions and we show how they are used to replace 2D weight matrices as well as 3D weight tensors. These new layers can be trained like convolution layers in CNNs based on the backpropagation algorithm, for which we provide a formalization.   Our results on multiple publicly available data sets show that our approach performs similar to conventional neuronal networks. Beyond the formalized reduction of complexity and the improved qualitative performance, we show the runtime improvement empirically compared to convolution layers.	306
Why dont they use activation functions in some CNNs for some last convolution layers?	Do Deep Neural Networks Learn Facial Action Units When Doing Expression   Recognition?  Despite being the appearance-based classifier of choice in recent years, relatively few works have examined how much convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can improve performance on accepted expression recognition benchmarks and, more importantly, examine what it is they actually learn.  In this work, not only do we show that CNNs can achieve strong performance, but we also introduce an approach to decipher which portions of the face influence the CNN's predictions. First, we train a zero-bias CNN on facial expression data and achieve, to our knowledge, state-of-the-art performance on two expression recognition benchmarks: the extended Cohn-Kanade (CK+) dataset and the Toronto Face Dataset (TFD).	Do Deep Neural Networks Learn Facial Action Units When Doing Expression   Recognition?  Despite being the appearance-based classifier of choice in recent years, relatively few works have examined how much convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can improve performance on accepted expression recognition benchmarks and, more importantly, examine what it is they actually learn.  In this work, not only do we show that CNNs can achieve strong performance, but we also introduce an approach to decipher which portions of the face influence the CNN's predictions. First, we train a zero-bias CNN on facial expression data and achieve, to our knowledge, state-of-the-art performance on two expression recognition benchmarks: the extended Cohn-Kanade (CK+) dataset and the Toronto Face Dataset (TFD).	314
What methods are used to increase the inference speed of convolutional neural networks?	Survey of Dropout Methods for Deep Neural Networks  Dropout methods are a family of stochastic techniques used in neural network training or inference that have generated significant research interest and are widely used in practice. They have been successfully applied in neural network regularization, model compression, and in measuring the uncertainty of neural network outputs.  While original formulated for dense neural network layers, recent advances have made dropout methods also applicable to convolutional and recurrent neural network layers. This paper summarizes the history of dropout methods, their various applications, and current areas of research interest. Important proposed methods are described in additional detail.	 While original formulated for dense neural network layers, recent advances have made dropout methods also applicable to convolutional and recurrent neural network layers. This paper summarizes the history of dropout methods, their various applications, and current areas of research interest. Important proposed methods are described in additional detail.	310
What methods are used to increase the inference speed of convolutional neural networks?	A Deep Metric for Multimodal Registration  Multimodal registration is a challenging problem in medical imaging due the high variability of tissue appearance under different imaging modalities. The crucial component here is the choice of the right similarity measure. We make a step towards a general learning-based solution that can be adapted to specific situations and present a metric based on a convolutional neural network.  Our network can be trained from scratch even from a few aligned image pairs. The metric is validated on intersubject deformable registration on a dataset different from the one used for training, demonstrating good generalization. In this task, we outperform mutual information by a significant margin.	A Deep Metric for Multimodal Registration  Multimodal registration is a challenging problem in medical imaging due the high variability of tissue appearance under different imaging modalities. The crucial component here is the choice of the right similarity measure. We make a step towards a general learning-based solution that can be adapted to specific situations and present a metric based on a convolutional neural network.  Our network can be trained from scratch even from a few aligned image pairs. The metric is validated on intersubject deformable registration on a dataset different from the one used for training, demonstrating good generalization. In this task, we outperform mutual information by a significant margin.	317
What methods are used to increase the inference speed of convolutional neural networks?	 We conduct extensive empirical studies on various non-convex neural network optimization problems, including multi-layer perceptron, convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. The results indicate the block-normalized gradient can help accelerate the training of neural networks. In particular, we observe that the normalized gradient methods having constant step size with occasionally decay, such as SGD with momentum, have better performance in the deep convolution neural networks, while those with adaptive step sizes, such as Adam, perform better in recurrent neural networks. Besides, we also observe this line of methods can lead to solutions with better generalization properties, which is confirmed by the performance improvement over strong baselines.	 We conduct extensive empirical studies on various non-convex neural network optimization problems, including multi-layer perceptron, convolution neural networks and recurrent neural networks. The results indicate the block-normalized gradient can help accelerate the training of neural networks. In particular, we observe that the normalized gradient methods having constant step size with occasionally decay, such as SGD with momentum, have better performance in the deep convolution neural networks, while those with adaptive step sizes, such as Adam, perform better in recurrent neural networks. Besides, we also observe this line of methods can lead to solutions with better generalization properties, which is confirmed by the performance improvement over strong baselines.	311
What methods are used to increase the inference speed of convolutional neural networks?	Hierarchical Attentional Hybrid Neural Networks for Document   Classification  Document classification is a challenging task with important applications. The deep learning approaches to the problem have gained much attention recently. Despite the progress, the proposed models do not incorporate the knowledge of the document structure in the architecture efficiently and not take into account the contexting importance of words and sentences.  In this paper, we propose a new approach based on a combination of convolutional neural networks, gated recurrent units, and attention mechanisms for document classification tasks. The main contribution of this work is the use of convolution layers to extract more meaningful, generalizable and abstract features by the hierarchical representation. The proposed method in this paper improves the results of the current attention-based approaches for document classification.	 In this paper, we propose a new approach based on a combination of convolutional neural networks, gated recurrent units, and attention mechanisms for document classification tasks. The main contribution of this work is the use of convolution layers to extract more meaningful, generalizable and abstract features by the hierarchical representation. The proposed method in this paper improves the results of the current attention-based approaches for document classification.	312
What methods are used to increase the inference speed of convolutional neural networks?	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time.  In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency.	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time.  In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency.	292
What is the usefulness of batch normalization in very deep convolutional neural network?	Adversarial Sample Detection for Deep Neural Network through Model   Mutation Testing  Deep neural networks (DNN) have been shown to be useful in a wide range of applications. However, they are also known to be vulnerable to adversarial samples. By transforming a normal sample with some carefully crafted human imperceptible perturbations, even highly accurate DNN make wrong decisions.  Multiple defense mechanisms have been proposed which aim to hinder the generation of such adversarial samples. However, a recent work show that most of them are ineffective. In this work, we propose an alternative approach to detect adversarial samples at runtime. Our main observation is that adversarial samples are much more sensitive than normal samples if we impose random mutations on the DNN.	Adversarial Sample Detection for Deep Neural Network through Model   Mutation Testing  Deep neural networks (DNN) have been shown to be useful in a wide range of applications. However, they are also known to be vulnerable to adversarial samples. By transforming a normal sample with some carefully crafted human imperceptible perturbations, even highly accurate DNN make wrong decisions.  Multiple defense mechanisms have been proposed which aim to hinder the generation of such adversarial samples. However, a recent work show that most of them are ineffective. In this work, we propose an alternative approach to detect adversarial samples at runtime. Our main observation is that adversarial samples are much more sensitive than normal samples if we impose random mutations on the DNN.	290
What is the usefulness of batch normalization in very deep convolutional neural network?	An Empirical Study of Batch Normalization and Group Normalization in   Conditional Computation  Batch normalization has been widely used to improve optimization in deep neural networks. While the uncertainty in batch statistics can act as a regularizer, using these dataset statistics specific to the training set impairs generalization in certain tasks.  Recently, alternative methods for normalizing feature activations in neural networks have been proposed. Among them, group normalization has been shown to yield similar, in some domains even superior performance to batch normalization. All these methods utilize a learned affine transformation after the normalization operation to increase representational power.	An Empirical Study of Batch Normalization and Group Normalization in   Conditional Computation  Batch normalization has been widely used to improve optimization in deep neural networks. While the uncertainty in batch statistics can act as a regularizer, using these dataset statistics specific to the training set impairs generalization in certain tasks.  Recently, alternative methods for normalizing feature activations in neural networks have been proposed. Among them, group normalization has been shown to yield similar, in some domains even superior performance to batch normalization. All these methods utilize a learned affine transformation after the normalization operation to increase representational power.	285
What is the usefulness of batch normalization in very deep convolutional neural network?	Deep Minimax Probability Machine  Deep neural networks enjoy a powerful representation and have proven effective in a number of applications. However, recent advances show that deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial attacks incurred by the so-called adversarial examples. Although the adversarial example is only slightly different from the input sample, the neural network classifies it as the wrong class.  In order to alleviate this problem, we propose the Deep Minimax Probability Machine (DeepMPM), which applies MPM to deep neural networks in an end-to-end fashion. In a worst-case scenario, MPM tries to minimize an upper bound of misclassification probabilities, considering the global information (i.	Deep Minimax Probability Machine  Deep neural networks enjoy a powerful representation and have proven effective in a number of applications. However, recent advances show that deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial attacks incurred by the so-called adversarial examples. Although the adversarial example is only slightly different from the input sample, the neural network classifies it as the wrong class.  In order to alleviate this problem, we propose the Deep Minimax Probability Machine (DeepMPM), which applies MPM to deep neural networks in an end-to-end fashion. In a worst-case scenario, MPM tries to minimize an upper bound of misclassification probabilities, considering the global information (i.	291
What is the usefulness of batch normalization in very deep convolutional neural network?	Understanding symmetries in deep networks  Recent works have highlighted scale invariance or symmetry present in the weight space of a typical deep network and the adverse effect it has on the Euclidean gradient based stochastic gradient descent optimization. In this work, we show that a commonly used deep network, which uses convolution, batch normalization, reLU, max-pooling, and sub-sampling pipeline, possess more complex forms of symmetry arising from scaling-based reparameterization of the network weights.  We propose to tackle the issue of the weight space symmetry by constraining the filters to lie on the unit-norm manifold. Consequently, training the network boils down to using stochastic gradient descent updates on the unit-norm manifold. Our empirical evidence based on the MNIST dataset shows that the proposed updates improve the test performance beyond what is achieved with batch normalization and without sacrificing the computational efficiency of the weight updates.	Understanding symmetries in deep networks  Recent works have highlighted scale invariance or symmetry present in the weight space of a typical deep network and the adverse effect it has on the Euclidean gradient based stochastic gradient descent optimization. In this work, we show that a commonly used deep network, which uses convolution, batch normalization, reLU, max-pooling, and sub-sampling pipeline, possess more complex forms of symmetry arising from scaling-based reparameterization of the network weights.  We propose to tackle the issue of the weight space symmetry by constraining the filters to lie on the unit-norm manifold. Consequently, training the network boils down to using stochastic gradient descent updates on the unit-norm manifold. Our empirical evidence based on the MNIST dataset shows that the proposed updates improve the test performance beyond what is achieved with batch normalization and without sacrificing the computational efficiency of the weight updates.	293
What is the usefulness of batch normalization in very deep convolutional neural network?	Normalization Propagation: A Parametric Technique for Removing Internal   Covariate Shift in Deep Networks  While the authors of Batch Normalization (BN) identify and address an important problem involved in training deep networks-- Internal Covariate Shift-- the current solution has certain drawbacks.  Specifically, BN depends on batch statistics for layerwise input normalization during training which makes the estimates of mean and standard deviation of input (distribution) to hidden layers inaccurate for validation due to shifting parameter values (especially during initial training epochs). Also, BN cannot be used with batch-size 1 during training.	Normalization Propagation: A Parametric Technique for Removing Internal   Covariate Shift in Deep Networks  While the authors of Batch Normalization (BN) identify and address an important problem involved in training deep networks-- Internal Covariate Shift-- the current solution has certain drawbacks.  Specifically, BN depends on batch statistics for layerwise input normalization during training which makes the estimates of mean and standard deviation of input (distribution) to hidden layers inaccurate for validation due to shifting parameter values (especially during initial training epochs). Also, BN cannot be used with batch-size 1 during training.	286
Why do we use fully connected layer at the end of a CNN instead of convolution layers?	   In this paper we show how kernel methods, in particular a single Fastfood layer, can be used to replace all fully connected layers in a deep convolutional neural network. This novel Fastfood layer is also end-to-end trainable in conjunction with convolutional layers, allowing us to combine them into a new architecture, named deep fried convolutional networks, which substantially reduces the memory footprint of convolutional networks trained on MNIST and ImageNet with no drop in predictive performance.	   In this paper we show how kernel methods, in particular a single Fastfood layer, can be used to replace all fully connected layers in a deep convolutional neural network. This novel Fastfood layer is also end-to-end trainable in conjunction with convolutional layers, allowing us to combine them into a new architecture, named deep fried convolutional networks, which substantially reduces the memory footprint of convolutional networks trained on MNIST and ImageNet with no drop in predictive performance.	324
Why do we use fully connected layer at the end of a CNN instead of convolution layers?	 In this paper, we explore the use of tensor contractions as neural network layers and investigate several ways to apply them to activation tensors. Specifically, we propose the Tensor Contraction Layer (TCL), the first attempt to incorporate tensor contractions as end-to-end trainable neural network layers.  Applied to existing networks, TCLs reduce the dimensionality of the activation tensors and thus the number of model parameters. We evaluate the TCL on the task of image recognition, augmenting two popular networks (AlexNet, VGG). The resulting models are trainable end-to-end. Applying the TCL to the task of image recognition, using the CIFAR100 and ImageNet datasets, we evaluate the effect of parameter reduction via tensor contraction on performance. We demonstrate significant model compression without significant impact on the accuracy and, in some cases, improved performance.	 In this paper, we explore the use of tensor contractions as neural network layers and investigate several ways to apply them to activation tensors. Specifically, we propose the Tensor Contraction Layer (TCL), the first attempt to incorporate tensor contractions as end-to-end trainable neural network layers.  Applied to existing networks, TCLs reduce the dimensionality of the activation tensors and thus the number of model parameters. We evaluate the TCL on the task of image recognition, augmenting two popular networks (AlexNet, VGG). The resulting models are trainable end-to-end. Applying the TCL to the task of image recognition, using the CIFAR100 and ImageNet datasets, we evaluate the effect of parameter reduction via tensor contraction on performance. We demonstrate significant model compression without significant impact on the accuracy and, in some cases, improved performance.	332
Why do we use fully connected layer at the end of a CNN instead of convolution layers?	 After comparing with the state-of-the-art GMM i-vector methods, we give insights into CNN, and reveal its role and effect in the whole pipeline. We further introduce a general encoding layer, illustrating the reason why they might be appropriate for language identification. We elaborate on several typical encoding layers, including a temporal average pooling layer, a recurrent encoding layer and a novel learnable dictionary encoding layer. We conducted experiment on NIST LRE07 closed-set task, and the results show that our proposed end-to-end systems achieve state-of-the-art performance.	 After comparing with the state-of-the-art GMM i-vector methods, we give insights into CNN, and reveal its role and effect in the whole pipeline. We further introduce a general encoding layer, illustrating the reason why they might be appropriate for language identification. We elaborate on several typical encoding layers, including a temporal average pooling layer, a recurrent encoding layer and a novel learnable dictionary encoding layer. We conducted experiment on NIST LRE07 closed-set task, and the results show that our proposed end-to-end systems achieve state-of-the-art performance.	321
Why do we use fully connected layer at the end of a CNN instead of convolution layers?	Suction Grasp Region Prediction using Self-supervised Learning for   Object Picking in Dense Clutter  This paper focuses on robotic picking tasks in cluttered scenario. Because of the diversity of poses, types of stack and complicated background in bin picking situation, it is much difficult to recognize and estimate their pose before grasping them.  Here, this paper combines Resnet with U-net structure, a special framework of Convolution Neural Networks (CNN), to predict picking region without recognition and pose estimation. And it makes robotic picking system learn picking skills from scratch. At the same time, we train the network end to end with online samples. In the end of this paper, several experiments are conducted to demonstrate the performance of our methods.	 Here, this paper combines Resnet with U-net structure, a special framework of Convolution Neural Networks (CNN), to predict picking region without recognition and pose estimation. And it makes robotic picking system learn picking skills from scratch. At the same time, we train the network end to end with online samples. In the end of this paper, several experiments are conducted to demonstrate the performance of our methods.	320
Why do we use fully connected layer at the end of a CNN instead of convolution layers?	S4ND: Single-Shot Single-Scale Lung Nodule Detection  The state of the art lung nodule detection studies rely on computationally expensive multi-stage frameworks to detect nodules from CT scans. To address this computational challenge and provide better performance, in this paper we propose S4ND, a new deep learning based method for lung nodule detection.  Our approach uses a single feed forward pass of a single network for detection and provides better performance when compared to the current literature. The whole detection pipeline is designed as a single $3D$ Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with dense connections, trained in an end-to-end manner.  S4ND does not require any further post-processing or user guidance to refine detection results. Experimentally, we compared our network with the current state-of-the-art object detection network (SSD) in computer vision as well as the state-of-the-art published method for lung nodule detection (3D DCNN).	 Our approach uses a single feed forward pass of a single network for detection and provides better performance when compared to the current literature. The whole detection pipeline is designed as a single $3D$ Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with dense connections, trained in an end-to-end manner.	331
What may be the cause of this training loss curve for a convolution neural network?	Can We Gain More from Orthogonality Regularizations in Training Deep   CNNs?  This paper seeks to answer the question: as the (near-) orthogonality of weights is found to be a favorable property for training deep convolutional neural networks, how can we enforce it in more effective and easy-to-use ways?  We develop novel orthogonality regularizations on training deep CNNs, utilizing various advanced analytical tools such as mutual coherence and restricted isometry property. These plug-and-play regularizations can be conveniently incorporated into training almost any CNN without extra hassle. We then benchmark their effects on state-of-the-art models: ResNet, WideResNet, and ResNeXt, on several most popular computer vision datasets: CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN and ImageNet.	Can We Gain More from Orthogonality Regularizations in Training Deep   CNNs?  This paper seeks to answer the question: as the (near-) orthogonality of weights is found to be a favorable property for training deep convolutional neural networks, how can we enforce it in more effective and easy-to-use ways?  We develop novel orthogonality regularizations on training deep CNNs, utilizing various advanced analytical tools such as mutual coherence and restricted isometry property. These plug-and-play regularizations can be conveniently incorporated into training almost any CNN without extra hassle. We then benchmark their effects on state-of-the-art models: ResNet, WideResNet, and ResNeXt, on several most popular computer vision datasets: CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN and ImageNet.	299
What may be the cause of this training loss curve for a convolution neural network?	Internal representation dynamics and geometry in recurrent neural   networks  The efficiency of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) in dealing with sequential data has long been established. However, unlike deep, and convolution networks where we can attribute the recognition of a certain feature to every layer, it is unclear what "sub-task" a single recurrent step or layer accomplishes.  Our work seeks to shed light onto how a vanilla RNN implements a simple classification task by analysing the dynamics of the network and the geometric properties of its hidden states. We find that early internal representations are evocative of the real labels of the data but this information is not directly accessible to the output layer. Furthermore the network's dynamics and the sequence length are both critical to correct classifications even when there is no additional task relevant information provided.	Internal representation dynamics and geometry in recurrent neural   networks  The efficiency of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) in dealing with sequential data has long been established. However, unlike deep, and convolution networks where we can attribute the recognition of a certain feature to every layer, it is unclear what "sub-task" a single recurrent step or layer accomplishes.  Our work seeks to shed light onto how a vanilla RNN implements a simple classification task by analysing the dynamics of the network and the geometric properties of its hidden states. We find that early internal representations are evocative of the real labels of the data but this information is not directly accessible to the output layer. Furthermore the network's dynamics and the sequence length are both critical to correct classifications even when there is no additional task relevant information provided.	310
What may be the cause of this training loss curve for a convolution neural network?	Network Deconvolution  Convolution is a central operation in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which applies a kernel to overlapping regions shifted across the image. However, because of the strong correlations in real-world image data, convolutional kernels are in effect re-learning redundant data.  In this work, we show that this redundancy has made neural network training challenging, and propose network deconvolution, a procedure which optimally removes pixel-wise and channel-wise correlations before the data is fed into each layer. Network deconvolution can be efficiently calculated at a fraction of the computational cost of a convolution layer.  We also show that the deconvolution filters in the first layer of the network resemble the center-surround structure found in biological neurons in the visual regions of the brain. Filtering with such kernels results in a sparse representation, a desired property that has been missing in the training of neural networks.	 In this work, we show that this redundancy has made neural network training challenging, and propose network deconvolution, a procedure which optimally removes pixel-wise and channel-wise correlations before the data is fed into each layer. Network deconvolution can be efficiently calculated at a fraction of the computational cost of a convolution layer.	304
What may be the cause of this training loss curve for a convolution neural network?	 To address this concern, a promising approach consists in concatenating a speech enhancement and a speech recognition deep neural network and to jointly update their parameters as if they were within a single bigger network. Unfortunately, joint training can be difficult because the output distribution of the speech enhancement system may change substantially during the optimization procedure.  The speech recognition module would have to deal with an input distribution that is non-stationary and unnormalized. To mitigate this issue, we propose a joint training approach based on a fully batch-normalized architecture. Experiments, conducted using different datasets, tasks and acoustic conditions, revealed that the proposed framework significantly overtakes other competitive solutions, especially in challenging environments.	 To address this concern, a promising approach consists in concatenating a speech enhancement and a speech recognition deep neural network and to jointly update their parameters as if they were within a single bigger network. Unfortunately, joint training can be difficult because the output distribution of the speech enhancement system may change substantially during the optimization procedure.  The speech recognition module would have to deal with an input distribution that is non-stationary and unnormalized. To mitigate this issue, we propose a joint training approach based on a fully batch-normalized architecture. Experiments, conducted using different datasets, tasks and acoustic conditions, revealed that the proposed framework significantly overtakes other competitive solutions, especially in challenging environments.	298
What may be the cause of this training loss curve for a convolution neural network?	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time.  In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency.	Convolutional Neural Networks combined with Runge-Kutta Methods  A convolutional neural network can be constructed using numerical methods for solving dynamical systems, since the forward pass of the network can be regarded as a trajectory of a dynamical system. However, existing models based on numerical solvers cannot avoid the iterations of implicit methods, which makes the models inefficient at inference time.  In this paper, we reinterpret the pre-activation Residual Networks (ResNets) and their variants from the dynamical systems view. We consider that the iterations of implicit Runge-Kutta methods are fused into the training of these models. Moreover, we propose a novel approach to constructing network models based on high-order Runge-Kutta methods in order to achieve higher efficiency.	295
The convolutional neural network Im trying to train is settling at a particular training loss value and a training accuracy just after a few epochs. What can be the possible reasons?	Updates of Equilibrium Prop Match Gradients of Backprop Through Time in   an RNN with Static Input  Equilibrium Propagation (EP) is a biologically inspired learning algorithm for convergent recurrent neural networks, i.e. RNNs that are fed by a static input x and settle to a steady state. Training convergent RNNs consists in adjusting the weights until the steady state of output neurons coincides with a target y.  Convergent RNNs can also be trained with the more conventional Backpropagation Through Time (BPTT) algorithm. In its original formulation EP was described in the case of real-time neuronal dynamics, which is computationally costly. In this work, we introduce a discrete-time version of EP with simplified equations and with reduced simulation time, bringing EP closer to practical machine learning tasks.	Updates of Equilibrium Prop Match Gradients of Backprop Through Time in   an RNN with Static Input  Equilibrium Propagation (EP) is a biologically inspired learning algorithm for convergent recurrent neural networks, i.e. RNNs that are fed by a static input x and settle to a steady state. Training convergent RNNs consists in adjusting the weights until the steady state of output neurons coincides with a target y.  Convergent RNNs can also be trained with the more conventional Backpropagation Through Time (BPTT) algorithm. In its original formulation EP was described in the case of real-time neuronal dynamics, which is computationally costly. In this work, we introduce a discrete-time version of EP with simplified equations and with reduced simulation time, bringing EP closer to practical machine learning tasks.	241
The convolutional neural network Im trying to train is settling at a particular training loss value and a training accuracy just after a few epochs. What can be the possible reasons?	 We show that for neural network configurations with both differentiable (e.g. sigmoid) and non-differentiable (e.g. ReLU) activation functions, we can perform the alternations effectively in this formulation. DANTE can also be extended to networks with multiple hidden layers. In experiments on standard datasets, neural networks trained using the proposed method were found to be promising and competitive to traditional backpropagation techniques, both in terms of quality of the solution, as well as training speed.	 We show that for neural network configurations with both differentiable (e.g. sigmoid) and non-differentiable (e.g. ReLU) activation functions, we can perform the alternations effectively in this formulation. DANTE can also be extended to networks with multiple hidden layers. In experiments on standard datasets, neural networks trained using the proposed method were found to be promising and competitive to traditional backpropagation techniques, both in terms of quality of the solution, as well as training speed.	243
The convolutional neural network Im trying to train is settling at a particular training loss value and a training accuracy just after a few epochs. What can be the possible reasons?	 So far, pre-training initialization is the only approach proposed to deal with this issue. In this work, we propose to build a shared neural network and optimize A2W and conventional hybrid models in a multi-task manner. Our results show that training an A2W model is much more stable with our multi-task model without pre-training initialization, and results in a significant improvement compared to a baseline model. Experiments also reveal that the performance of a hybrid acoustic model can be further improved when jointly training with a sequence-level optimization criterion such as acoustic-to-word.	 So far, pre-training initialization is the only approach proposed to deal with this issue. In this work, we propose to build a shared neural network and optimize A2W and conventional hybrid models in a multi-task manner. Our results show that training an A2W model is much more stable with our multi-task model without pre-training initialization, and results in a significant improvement compared to a baseline model. Experiments also reveal that the performance of a hybrid acoustic model can be further improved when jointly training with a sequence-level optimization criterion such as acoustic-to-word.	240
The convolutional neural network Im trying to train is settling at a particular training loss value and a training accuracy just after a few epochs. What can be the possible reasons?	Doing the impossible: Why neural networks can be trained at all  As deep neural networks grow in size, from thousands to millions to billions of weights, the performance of those networks becomes limited by our ability to accurately train them. A common naive question arises: if we have a system with billions of degrees of freedom, don't we also need billions of samples to train it?  Of course, the success of deep learning indicates that reliable models can be learned with reasonable amounts of data. Similar questions arise in protein folding, spin glasses and biological neural networks. With effectively infinite potential folding/spin/wiring configurations, how does the system find the precise arrangement that leads to useful and robust results?	Doing the impossible: Why neural networks can be trained at all  As deep neural networks grow in size, from thousands to millions to billions of weights, the performance of those networks becomes limited by our ability to accurately train them. A common naive question arises: if we have a system with billions of degrees of freedom, don't we also need billions of samples to train it?  Of course, the success of deep learning indicates that reliable models can be learned with reasonable amounts of data. Similar questions arise in protein folding, spin glasses and biological neural networks. With effectively infinite potential folding/spin/wiring configurations, how does the system find the precise arrangement that leads to useful and robust results?	228
The convolutional neural network Im trying to train is settling at a particular training loss value and a training accuracy just after a few epochs. What can be the possible reasons?	Adaptive Blending Units: Trainable Activation Functions for Deep Neural   Networks  The most widely used activation functions in current deep feed-forward neural networks are rectified linear units (ReLU), and many alternatives have been successfully applied, as well. However, none of the alternatives have managed to consistently outperform the rest and there is no unified theory connecting properties of the task and network with properties of activation functions for most efficient training.  A possible solution is to have the network learn its preferred activation functions. In this work, we introduce Adaptive Blending Units (ABUs), a trainable linear combination of a set of activation functions. Since ABUs learn the shape, as well as the overall scaling of the activation function, we also analyze the effects of adaptive scaling in common activation functions.	Adaptive Blending Units: Trainable Activation Functions for Deep Neural   Networks  The most widely used activation functions in current deep feed-forward neural networks are rectified linear units (ReLU), and many alternatives have been successfully applied, as well. However, none of the alternatives have managed to consistently outperform the rest and there is no unified theory connecting properties of the task and network with properties of activation functions for most efficient training.  A possible solution is to have the network learn its preferred activation functions. In this work, we introduce Adaptive Blending Units (ABUs), a trainable linear combination of a set of activation functions. Since ABUs learn the shape, as well as the overall scaling of the activation function, we also analyze the effects of adaptive scaling in common activation functions.	241
Why do we use shared weights in the convolutional layers of CNN?	 This property can be applied to most convolutional neural network (CNN) systems. Specifically, a transformationally identical CNN can be constructed by arranging internally symmetric operations in parallel with the same transformation family that includes a flatten layer with weights sharing among their corresponding transformation elements.  Other transformationally identical CNNs can be constructed by averaging transformed input vectors of the family at the input layer followed by an ordinary CNN process or by a set of symmetric operations. Interestingly, we found that both types of transformationally identical CNN systems are mathematically equivalent by either applying an averaging operation to corresponding elements of all sub-channels before the activation function or without using a non-linear activation function.	 This property can be applied to most convolutional neural network (CNN) systems. Specifically, a transformationally identical CNN can be constructed by arranging internally symmetric operations in parallel with the same transformation family that includes a flatten layer with weights sharing among their corresponding transformation elements.  Other transformationally identical CNNs can be constructed by averaging transformed input vectors of the family at the input layer followed by an ordinary CNN process or by a set of symmetric operations. Interestingly, we found that both types of transformationally identical CNN systems are mathematically equivalent by either applying an averaging operation to corresponding elements of all sub-channels before the activation function or without using a non-linear activation function.	348
Why do we use shared weights in the convolutional layers of CNN?	 In this paper, we propose to use Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to classify human activities. Our models use raw data obtained from a set of inertial sensors. We explore several combinations of activities and sensors, showing how motion signals can be adapted to be fed into CNNs by using different network architectures.  We also compare the performance of different groups of sensors, investigating the classification potential of single, double and triple sensor systems. The experimental results obtained on a dataset of 16 lower-limb activities, collected from a group of participants with the use of five different sensors, are very promising.	 In this paper, we propose to use Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to classify human activities. Our models use raw data obtained from a set of inertial sensors. We explore several combinations of activities and sensors, showing how motion signals can be adapted to be fed into CNNs by using different network architectures.  We also compare the performance of different groups of sensors, investigating the classification potential of single, double and triple sensor systems. The experimental results obtained on a dataset of 16 lower-limb activities, collected from a group of participants with the use of five different sensors, are very promising.	355
Why do we use shared weights in the convolutional layers of CNN?	 The existing works tend to focus on reporting CNN architectures that work well for face recognition rather than investigate the reason. In this work, we conduct an extensive evaluation of CNN-based face recognition systems (CNN-FRS) on a common ground to make our work easily reproducible. Specifically, we use public database LFW (Labeled Faces in the Wild) to train CNNs, unlike most existing CNNs trained on private databases.	 The existing works tend to focus on reporting CNN architectures that work well for face recognition rather than investigate the reason. In this work, we conduct an extensive evaluation of CNN-based face recognition systems (CNN-FRS) on a common ground to make our work easily reproducible. Specifically, we use public database LFW (Labeled Faces in the Wild) to train CNNs, unlike most existing CNNs trained on private databases.	352
Why do we use shared weights in the convolutional layers of CNN?	eCNN: A Block-Based and Highly-Parallel CNN Accelerator for Edge   Inference  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have recently demonstrated superior quality for computational imaging applications. Therefore, they have great potential to revolutionize the image pipelines on cameras and displays. However, it is difficult for conventional CNN accelerators to support ultra-high-resolution videos at the edge due to their considerable DRAM bandwidth and power consumption.  Therefore, finding a further memory- and computation-efficient microarchitecture is crucial to speed up this coming revolution.   In this paper, we approach this goal by considering the inference flow, network model, instruction set, and processor design jointly to optimize hardware performance and image quality.	eCNN: A Block-Based and Highly-Parallel CNN Accelerator for Edge   Inference  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have recently demonstrated superior quality for computational imaging applications. Therefore, they have great potential to revolutionize the image pipelines on cameras and displays. However, it is difficult for conventional CNN accelerators to support ultra-high-resolution videos at the edge due to their considerable DRAM bandwidth and power consumption.  Therefore, finding a further memory- and computation-efficient microarchitecture is crucial to speed up this coming revolution.   In this paper, we approach this goal by considering the inference flow, network model, instruction set, and processor design jointly to optimize hardware performance and image quality.	349
Why do we use shared weights in the convolutional layers of CNN?	 In addition, we propose to use the convolutional recurrent neural network (CRNN)---a combination of the CNN and the RNN---to learn local and contextual information in CSI for user authentication. To effectively train these DNNs, one needs a large amount of labeled channel records. However, it is often expensive to label large channel observations in the presence of a spoofer.  In view of this, we further study a case in which only a small part of the the channel observations are labeled. To handle it, we extend these DNNs-enabled approaches into semi-supervised ones. This extension is based on a semi-supervised learning technique that employs both the labeled and unlabeled data to train a DNN.	 In addition, we propose to use the convolutional recurrent neural network (CRNN)---a combination of the CNN and the RNN---to learn local and contextual information in CSI for user authentication. To effectively train these DNNs, one needs a large amount of labeled channel records. However, it is often expensive to label large channel observations in the presence of a spoofer.  In view of this, we further study a case in which only a small part of the the channel observations are labeled. To handle it, we extend these DNNs-enabled approaches into semi-supervised ones. This extension is based on a semi-supervised learning technique that employs both the labeled and unlabeled data to train a DNN.	347
What are the advantages of Fully Convolutional Networks over CNNs?	 This property can be applied to most convolutional neural network (CNN) systems. Specifically, a transformationally identical CNN can be constructed by arranging internally symmetric operations in parallel with the same transformation family that includes a flatten layer with weights sharing among their corresponding transformation elements.  Other transformationally identical CNNs can be constructed by averaging transformed input vectors of the family at the input layer followed by an ordinary CNN process or by a set of symmetric operations. Interestingly, we found that both types of transformationally identical CNN systems are mathematically equivalent by either applying an averaging operation to corresponding elements of all sub-channels before the activation function or without using a non-linear activation function.	 This property can be applied to most convolutional neural network (CNN) systems. Specifically, a transformationally identical CNN can be constructed by arranging internally symmetric operations in parallel with the same transformation family that includes a flatten layer with weights sharing among their corresponding transformation elements.  Other transformationally identical CNNs can be constructed by averaging transformed input vectors of the family at the input layer followed by an ordinary CNN process or by a set of symmetric operations. Interestingly, we found that both types of transformationally identical CNN systems are mathematically equivalent by either applying an averaging operation to corresponding elements of all sub-channels before the activation function or without using a non-linear activation function.	347
What are the advantages of Fully Convolutional Networks over CNNs?	DoPa: A Comprehensive CNN Detection Methodology against Physical   Adversarial Attacks  Recently, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) demonstrate a considerable vulnerability to adversarial attacks, which can be easily misled by adversarial perturbations. With more aggressive methods proposed, adversarial attacks can be also applied to the physical world, causing practical issues to various CNN powered applications.  To secure CNNs, adversarial attack detection is considered as the most critical approach. However, most existing works focus on superficial patterns and merely search a particular method to differentiate the adversarial inputs and natural inputs, ignoring the analysis of CNN inner vulnerability. Therefore, they can only target to specific physical adversarial attacks, lacking expected versatility to different attacks.	DoPa: A Comprehensive CNN Detection Methodology against Physical   Adversarial Attacks  Recently, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) demonstrate a considerable vulnerability to adversarial attacks, which can be easily misled by adversarial perturbations. With more aggressive methods proposed, adversarial attacks can be also applied to the physical world, causing practical issues to various CNN powered applications.  To secure CNNs, adversarial attack detection is considered as the most critical approach. However, most existing works focus on superficial patterns and merely search a particular method to differentiate the adversarial inputs and natural inputs, ignoring the analysis of CNN inner vulnerability. Therefore, they can only target to specific physical adversarial attacks, lacking expected versatility to different attacks.	340
What are the advantages of Fully Convolutional Networks over CNNs?	A few filters are enough: Convolutional Neural Network for P300   Detection  Over the past decade, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have become the driving force of an ever-increasing set of applications, achieving state-of-the-art performance. Most of the modern CNN architectures are composed of many convolutional and fully connected layers and typically require thousands or millions of parameters to learn.  CNNs have also been effective in the detection of Event-Related Potentials from electroencephalogram (EEG) signals, notably the P300 component which is frequently employed in Brain-Computer Interfaces (BCIs). However, for this task, the increase in detection rates compared to approaches based on human-engineered features has not been as impressive as in other areas and might not justify such a large number of parameters.	A few filters are enough: Convolutional Neural Network for P300   Detection  Over the past decade, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have become the driving force of an ever-increasing set of applications, achieving state-of-the-art performance. Most of the modern CNN architectures are composed of many convolutional and fully connected layers and typically require thousands or millions of parameters to learn.  CNNs have also been effective in the detection of Event-Related Potentials from electroencephalogram (EEG) signals, notably the P300 component which is frequently employed in Brain-Computer Interfaces (BCIs). However, for this task, the increase in detection rates compared to approaches based on human-engineered features has not been as impressive as in other areas and might not justify such a large number of parameters.	313
What are the advantages of Fully Convolutional Networks over CNNs?	Interpreting Convolutional Neural Networks Through Compression  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) achieve state-of-the-art performance in a wide variety of tasks in computer vision. However, interpreting CNNs still remains a challenge. This is mainly due to the large number of parameters in these networks.  Here, we investigate the role of compression and particularly pruning filters in the interpretation of CNNs. We exploit our recently-proposed greedy structural compression scheme that prunes filters in a trained CNN. In our compression, the filter importance index is defined as the classification accuracy reduction (CAR) of the network after pruning that filter.	Interpreting Convolutional Neural Networks Through Compression  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) achieve state-of-the-art performance in a wide variety of tasks in computer vision. However, interpreting CNNs still remains a challenge. This is mainly due to the large number of parameters in these networks.  Here, we investigate the role of compression and particularly pruning filters in the interpretation of CNNs. We exploit our recently-proposed greedy structural compression scheme that prunes filters in a trained CNN. In our compression, the filter importance index is defined as the classification accuracy reduction (CAR) of the network after pruning that filter.	350
What are the advantages of Fully Convolutional Networks over CNNs?	E2-Train: Training State-of-the-art CNNs with Over 80% Energy Savings  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been increasingly deployed to edge devices. Hence, many efforts have been made towards efficient CNN inference in resource-constrained platforms. This paper attempts to explore an orthogonal direction: how to conduct more energy-efficient training of CNNs, so as to enable on-device training.  We strive to reduce the energy cost during training, by dropping unnecessary computations from three complementary levels: stochastic mini-batch dropping on the data level; selective layer update on the model level; and sign prediction for low-cost, low-precision back-propagation, on the algorithm level.	E2-Train: Training State-of-the-art CNNs with Over 80% Energy Savings  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been increasingly deployed to edge devices. Hence, many efforts have been made towards efficient CNN inference in resource-constrained platforms. This paper attempts to explore an orthogonal direction: how to conduct more energy-efficient training of CNNs, so as to enable on-device training.  We strive to reduce the energy cost during training, by dropping unnecessary computations from three complementary levels: stochastic mini-batch dropping on the data level; selective layer update on the model level; and sign prediction for low-cost, low-precision back-propagation, on the algorithm level.	349
How is Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) different from the original Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)?	CNN Is All You Need  The Convolution Neural Network (CNN) has demonstrated the unique advantage in audio, image and text learning; recently it has also challenged Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) with long short-term memory cells (LSTM) in sequence-to-sequence learning, since the computations involved in CNN are easily parallelizable whereas those involved in RNN are mostly sequential, leading to a performance bottleneck.  However, unlike RNN, the native CNN lacks the history sensitivity required for sequence transformation; therefore enhancing the sequential order awareness, or position-sensitivity, becomes the key to make CNN the general deep learning model. In this work we introduce an extended CNN model with strengthen position-sensitivity, called PoseNet.	CNN Is All You Need  The Convolution Neural Network (CNN) has demonstrated the unique advantage in audio, image and text learning; recently it has also challenged Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) with long short-term memory cells (LSTM) in sequence-to-sequence learning, since the computations involved in CNN are easily parallelizable whereas those involved in RNN are mostly sequential, leading to a performance bottleneck.  However, unlike RNN, the native CNN lacks the history sensitivity required for sequence transformation; therefore enhancing the sequential order awareness, or position-sensitivity, becomes the key to make CNN the general deep learning model. In this work we introduce an extended CNN model with strengthen position-sensitivity, called PoseNet.	305
How is Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) different from the original Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)?	How Many Samples are Needed to Estimate a Convolutional or Recurrent   Neural Network?  It is widely believed that the practical success of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) owes to the fact that CNNs and RNNs use a more compact parametric representation than their Fully-Connected Neural Network (FNN) counterparts, and consequently require fewer training examples to accurately estimate their parameters.	How Many Samples are Needed to Estimate a Convolutional or Recurrent   Neural Network?  It is widely believed that the practical success of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) owes to the fact that CNNs and RNNs use a more compact parametric representation than their Fully-Connected Neural Network (FNN) counterparts, and consequently require fewer training examples to accurately estimate their parameters.	319
How is Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) different from the original Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)?	 In addition, the ENN does not require the calculation of gradients, which enables the use of complicated neuron models and loss functions in neural networks. We experimentally demonstrate benefits of the proposed model, in particular showing that the ENN performs much better than the traditional Bayesian neural networks (BNN).  The EnRML in ENN is a substitution of gradient-based optimization algorithms, which means that it can be directly combined with the feed-forward process in other existing (deep) neural networks, such as convolutional neural networks (CNN) and recurrent neural networks (RNN), broadening future applications of the ENN.	 The EnRML in ENN is a substitution of gradient-based optimization algorithms, which means that it can be directly combined with the feed-forward process in other existing (deep) neural networks, such as convolutional neural networks (CNN) and recurrent neural networks (RNN), broadening future applications of the ENN.	315
How is Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) different from the original Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)?	A few filters are enough: Convolutional Neural Network for P300   Detection  Over the past decade, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have become the driving force of an ever-increasing set of applications, achieving state-of-the-art performance. Most of the modern CNN architectures are composed of many convolutional and fully connected layers and typically require thousands or millions of parameters to learn.  CNNs have also been effective in the detection of Event-Related Potentials from electroencephalogram (EEG) signals, notably the P300 component which is frequently employed in Brain-Computer Interfaces (BCIs). However, for this task, the increase in detection rates compared to approaches based on human-engineered features has not been as impressive as in other areas and might not justify such a large number of parameters.	A few filters are enough: Convolutional Neural Network for P300   Detection  Over the past decade, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have become the driving force of an ever-increasing set of applications, achieving state-of-the-art performance. Most of the modern CNN architectures are composed of many convolutional and fully connected layers and typically require thousands or millions of parameters to learn.  CNNs have also been effective in the detection of Event-Related Potentials from electroencephalogram (EEG) signals, notably the P300 component which is frequently employed in Brain-Computer Interfaces (BCIs). However, for this task, the increase in detection rates compared to approaches based on human-engineered features has not been as impressive as in other areas and might not justify such a large number of parameters.	313
How is Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) different from the original Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)?	 The aim of this work is to understand this fact through the lens of dynamics in the loss landscape.   We introduce a method that maps a CNN to its equivalent FCN (denoted as eFCN). Such an embedding enables the comparison of CNN and FCN training dynamics directly in the FCN space. We use this method to test a new training protocol, which consists in training a CNN, embedding it to FCN space at a certain ``relax time'', then resuming the training in FCN space.  We observe that for all relax times, the deviation from the CNN subspace is small, and the final performance reached by the eFCN is higher than that reachable by a standard FCN of same architecture. More surprisingly, for some intermediate relax times, the eFCN outperforms the CNN it stemmed, by combining the prior information of the CNN and the expressivity of the FCN in a complementary way.	 The aim of this work is to understand this fact through the lens of dynamics in the loss landscape.   We introduce a method that maps a CNN to its equivalent FCN (denoted as eFCN). Such an embedding enables the comparison of CNN and FCN training dynamics directly in the FCN space. We use this method to test a new training protocol, which consists in training a CNN, embedding it to FCN space at a certain ``relax time'', then resuming the training in FCN space.  We observe that for all relax times, the deviation from the CNN subspace is small, and the final performance reached by the eFCN is higher than that reachable by a standard FCN of same architecture. More surprisingly, for some intermediate relax times, the eFCN outperforms the CNN it stemmed, by combining the prior information of the CNN and the expressivity of the FCN in a complementary way.	326
Artificial Intelligence: What is an intuitive explanation for recurrent neural networks?	Do Explanations Reflect Decisions? A Machine-centric Strategy to   Quantify the Performance of Explainability Algorithms  There has been a significant surge of interest recently around the concept of explainable artificial intelligence (XAI), where the goal is to produce an interpretation for a decision made by a machine learning algorithm.  Of particular interest is the interpretation of how deep neural networks make decisions, given the complexity and `black box' nature of such networks. Given the infancy of the field, there has been very limited exploration into the assessment of the performance of explainability methods, with most evaluations centered around subjective visual interpretation of the produced interpretations.	Do Explanations Reflect Decisions? A Machine-centric Strategy to   Quantify the Performance of Explainability Algorithms  There has been a significant surge of interest recently around the concept of explainable artificial intelligence (XAI), where the goal is to produce an interpretation for a decision made by a machine learning algorithm.  Of particular interest is the interpretation of how deep neural networks make decisions, given the complexity and `black box' nature of such networks. Given the infancy of the field, there has been very limited exploration into the assessment of the performance of explainability methods, with most evaluations centered around subjective visual interpretation of the produced interpretations.	306
Artificial Intelligence: What is an intuitive explanation for recurrent neural networks?	A Grounded Interaction Protocol for Explainable Artificial Intelligence  Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) systems need to include an explanation model to communicate the internal decisions, behaviours and actions to the interacting humans. Successful explanation involves both cognitive and social processes.  In this paper we focus on the challenge of meaningful interaction between an explainer and an explainee and investigate the structural aspects of an interactive explanation to propose an interaction protocol. We follow a bottom-up approach to derive the model by analysing transcripts of different explanation dialogue types with 398 explanation dialogues.	A Grounded Interaction Protocol for Explainable Artificial Intelligence  Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) systems need to include an explanation model to communicate the internal decisions, behaviours and actions to the interacting humans. Successful explanation involves both cognitive and social processes.  In this paper we focus on the challenge of meaningful interaction between an explainer and an explainee and investigate the structural aspects of an interactive explanation to propose an interaction protocol. We follow a bottom-up approach to derive the model by analysing transcripts of different explanation dialogue types with 398 explanation dialogues.	264
Artificial Intelligence: What is an intuitive explanation for recurrent neural networks?	Two-hidden-layer Feedforward Neural Networks are Universal   Approximators: A Constructive Approach  It is well known that Artificial Neural Networks are universal approximators. The classical result proves that, given a continuous function on a compact set on an n-dimensional space, then there exists a one-hidden-layer feedforward network which approximates the function.  Such result proves the existence, but it does not provide a method for finding it. In this paper, a constructive approach to the proof of this property is given for the case of two-hidden-layer feedforward networks. This approach is based on an approximation of continuous functions by simplicial maps. Once a triangulation of the space is given, a concrete architecture and set of weights can be obtained. The quality of the approximation depends on the refinement of the covering of the space by simplicial complexes.	Two-hidden-layer Feedforward Neural Networks are Universal   Approximators: A Constructive Approach  It is well known that Artificial Neural Networks are universal approximators. The classical result proves that, given a continuous function on a compact set on an n-dimensional space, then there exists a one-hidden-layer feedforward network which approximates the function.  Such result proves the existence, but it does not provide a method for finding it. In this paper, a constructive approach to the proof of this property is given for the case of two-hidden-layer feedforward networks. This approach is based on an approximation of continuous functions by simplicial maps. Once a triangulation of the space is given, a concrete architecture and set of weights can be obtained. The quality of the approximation depends on the refinement of the covering of the space by simplicial complexes.	298
Artificial Intelligence: What is an intuitive explanation for recurrent neural networks?	 In this paper, we move beyond such limitations, and propose a novel MRF model that uses fully-connected neurons to express the complex interactions among pixels. Through theoretical analysis, we reveal an inherent connection between this model and recurrent neural networks, and thereon derive an approximated feed-forward network that couples multiple RNNs along opposite directions.  This formulation combines the expressive power of deep neural networks and the cyclic dependency structure of MRF in a unified model, bringing the modeling capability to a new level. The feed-forward approximation also allows it to be efficiently learned from data. Experimental results on a variety of low-level vision tasks show notable improvement over state-of-the-arts.	 In this paper, we move beyond such limitations, and propose a novel MRF model that uses fully-connected neurons to express the complex interactions among pixels. Through theoretical analysis, we reveal an inherent connection between this model and recurrent neural networks, and thereon derive an approximated feed-forward network that couples multiple RNNs along opposite directions.  This formulation combines the expressive power of deep neural networks and the cyclic dependency structure of MRF in a unified model, bringing the modeling capability to a new level. The feed-forward approximation also allows it to be efficiently learned from data. Experimental results on a variety of low-level vision tasks show notable improvement over state-of-the-arts.	313
Artificial Intelligence: What is an intuitive explanation for recurrent neural networks?	Why PairDiff works? -- A Mathematical Analysis of Bilinear Relational   Compositional Operators for Analogy Detection  Representing the semantic relations that exist between two given words (or entities) is an important first step in a wide-range of NLP applications such as analogical reasoning, knowledge base completion and relational information retrieval.  A simple, yet surprisingly accurate method for representing a relation between two words is to compute the vector offset (\PairDiff) between their corresponding word embeddings. Despite the empirical success, it remains unclear as to whether \PairDiff is the best operator for obtaining a relational representation from word embeddings.	Why PairDiff works? -- A Mathematical Analysis of Bilinear Relational   Compositional Operators for Analogy Detection  Representing the semantic relations that exist between two given words (or entities) is an important first step in a wide-range of NLP applications such as analogical reasoning, knowledge base completion and relational information retrieval.  A simple, yet surprisingly accurate method for representing a relation between two words is to compute the vector offset (\PairDiff) between their corresponding word embeddings. Despite the empirical success, it remains unclear as to whether \PairDiff is the best operator for obtaining a relational representation from word embeddings.	305
How are RNNs storing memory?	Compressing Recurrent Neural Networks with Tensor Ring for Action   Recognition  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) and their variants, such as Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) networks, and Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) networks, have achieved promising performance in sequential data modeling. The hidden layers in RNNs can be regarded as the memory units, which are helpful in storing information in sequential contexts.  However, when dealing with high dimensional input data, such as video and text, the input-to-hidden linear transformation in RNNs brings high memory usage and huge computational cost. This makes the training of RNNs unscalable and difficult. To address this challenge, we propose a novel compact LSTM model, named as TR-LSTM, by utilizing the low-rank tensor ring decomposition (TRD) to reformulate the input-to-hidden transformation.	Compressing Recurrent Neural Networks with Tensor Ring for Action   Recognition  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) and their variants, such as Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) networks, and Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) networks, have achieved promising performance in sequential data modeling. The hidden layers in RNNs can be regarded as the memory units, which are helpful in storing information in sequential contexts.  However, when dealing with high dimensional input data, such as video and text, the input-to-hidden linear transformation in RNNs brings high memory usage and huge computational cost. This makes the training of RNNs unscalable and difficult. To address this challenge, we propose a novel compact LSTM model, named as TR-LSTM, by utilizing the low-rank tensor ring decomposition (TRD) to reformulate the input-to-hidden transformation.	456
How are RNNs storing memory?	Assessing the Memory Ability of Recurrent Neural Networks  It is known that Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) can remember, in their hidden layers, part of the semantic information expressed by a sequence (e.g., a sentence) that is being processed. Different types of recurrent units have been designed to enable RNNs to remember information over longer time spans.  However, the memory abilities of different recurrent units are still theoretically and empirically unclear, thus limiting the development of more effective and explainable RNNs. To tackle the problem, in this paper, we identify and analyze the internal and external factors that affect the memory ability of RNNs, and propose a Semantic Euclidean Space to represent the semantics expressed by a sequence.  Based on the Semantic Euclidean Space, a series of evaluation indicators are defined to measure the memory abilities of different recurrent units and analyze their limitations. These evaluation indicators also provide a useful guidance to select suitable sequence lengths for different RNNs during training.	 However, the memory abilities of different recurrent units are still theoretically and empirically unclear, thus limiting the development of more effective and explainable RNNs. To tackle the problem, in this paper, we identify and analyze the internal and external factors that affect the memory ability of RNNs, and propose a Semantic Euclidean Space to represent the semantics expressed by a sequence.	411
How are RNNs storing memory?	 In this paper, recurrent neural networks (RNNs) are utilized to address these issues. However, in many cases, longitudinal cohorts contain incomplete data, which hinders the application of standard RNNs and requires a pre-processing step such as imputation of the missing values. Instead, we propose a generalized training rule for the most widely used RNN architecture, long short-term memory (LSTM) networks, that can handle both missing predictor and target values.  The proposed LSTM algorithm is applied to model the progression of Alzheimer's disease (AD) using six volumetric magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) biomarkers, i.e., volumes of ventricles, hippocampus, whole brain, fusiform, middle temporal gyrus, and entorhinal cortex, and it is compared to standard LSTM networks with data imputation and a parametric, regression-based DPM method.	 In this paper, recurrent neural networks (RNNs) are utilized to address these issues. However, in many cases, longitudinal cohorts contain incomplete data, which hinders the application of standard RNNs and requires a pre-processing step such as imputation of the missing values. Instead, we propose a generalized training rule for the most widely used RNN architecture, long short-term memory (LSTM) networks, that can handle both missing predictor and target values.  The proposed LSTM algorithm is applied to model the progression of Alzheimer's disease (AD) using six volumetric magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) biomarkers, i.e., volumes of ventricles, hippocampus, whole brain, fusiform, middle temporal gyrus, and entorhinal cortex, and it is compared to standard LSTM networks with data imputation and a parametric, regression-based DPM method.	458
How are RNNs storing memory?	Learning Compact Recurrent Neural Networks  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs), including long short-term memory (LSTM) RNNs, have produced state-of-the-art results on a variety of speech recognition tasks. However, these models are often too large in size for deployment on mobile devices with memory and latency constraints.  In this work, we study mechanisms for learning compact RNNs and LSTMs via low-rank factorizations and parameter sharing schemes. Our goal is to investigate redundancies in recurrent architectures where compression can be admitted without losing performance. A hybrid strategy of using structured matrices in the bottom layers and shared low-rank factors on the top layers is found to be particularly effective, reducing the parameters of a standard LSTM by 75%, at a small cost of 0.3% increase in WER, on a 2,000-hr English Voice Search task.	Learning Compact Recurrent Neural Networks  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs), including long short-term memory (LSTM) RNNs, have produced state-of-the-art results on a variety of speech recognition tasks. However, these models are often too large in size for deployment on mobile devices with memory and latency constraints.  In this work, we study mechanisms for learning compact RNNs and LSTMs via low-rank factorizations and parameter sharing schemes. Our goal is to investigate redundancies in recurrent architectures where compression can be admitted without losing performance. A hybrid strategy of using structured matrices in the bottom layers and shared low-rank factors on the top layers is found to be particularly effective, reducing the parameters of a standard LSTM by 75%, at a small cost of 0.3% increase in WER, on a 2,000-hr English Voice Search task.	453
What are encoder-decoder models in recurrent neural networks?	Neural-based Natural Language Generation in Dialogue using RNN   Encoder-Decoder with Semantic Aggregation  Natural language generation (NLG) is an important component in spoken dialogue systems. This paper presents a model called Encoder-Aggregator-Decoder which is an extension of an Recurrent Neural Network based Encoder-Decoder architecture.  The proposed Semantic Aggregator consists of two components: an Aligner and a Refiner. The Aligner is a conventional attention calculated over the encoded input information, while the Refiner is another attention or gating mechanism stacked over the attentive Aligner in order to further select and aggregate the semantic elements.	Neural-based Natural Language Generation in Dialogue using RNN   Encoder-Decoder with Semantic Aggregation  Natural language generation (NLG) is an important component in spoken dialogue systems. This paper presents a model called Encoder-Aggregator-Decoder which is an extension of an Recurrent Neural Network based Encoder-Decoder architecture.  The proposed Semantic Aggregator consists of two components: an Aligner and a Refiner. The Aligner is a conventional attention calculated over the encoded input information, while the Refiner is another attention or gating mechanism stacked over the attentive Aligner in order to further select and aggregate the semantic elements.	299
What are encoder-decoder models in recurrent neural networks?	Universal Transforming Geometric Network  The recurrent geometric network (RGN), the first end-to-end differentiable neural architecture for protein structure prediction, is a competitive alternative to existing models. However, the RGN's use of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) as internal representations results in long training time and unstable gradients.  And because of its sequential nature, it is less effective at learning global dependencies among amino acids than existing transformer architectures. We propose the Universal Transforming Geometric Network (UTGN), an end-to-end differentiable model that uses the encoder portion of the Universal Transformer architecture as an alternative for internal representations. Our experiments show that compared to RGN, UTGN achieve a $1.7$ \si{\angstrom} improvement on the free modeling portion and a $0.7$ \si{\angstrom} improvement on the template based modeling of the CASP12 competition.	Universal Transforming Geometric Network  The recurrent geometric network (RGN), the first end-to-end differentiable neural architecture for protein structure prediction, is a competitive alternative to existing models. However, the RGN's use of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) as internal representations results in long training time and unstable gradients.  And because of its sequential nature, it is less effective at learning global dependencies among amino acids than existing transformer architectures. We propose the Universal Transforming Geometric Network (UTGN), an end-to-end differentiable model that uses the encoder portion of the Universal Transformer architecture as an alternative for internal representations. Our experiments show that compared to RGN, UTGN achieve a $1.7$ \si{\angstrom} improvement on the free modeling portion and a $0.7$ \si{\angstrom} improvement on the template based modeling of the CASP12 competition.	305
What are encoder-decoder models in recurrent neural networks?	Learning Generic Sentence Representations Using Convolutional Neural   Networks  We propose a new encoder-decoder approach to learn distributed sentence representations that are applicable to multiple purposes. The model is learned by using a convolutional neural network as an encoder to map an input sentence into a continuous vector, and using a long short-term memory recurrent neural network as a decoder.  Several tasks are considered, including sentence reconstruction and future sentence prediction. Further, a hierarchical encoder-decoder model is proposed to encode a sentence to predict multiple future sentences. By training our models on a large collection of novels, we obtain a highly generic convolutional sentence encoder that performs well in practice. Experimental results on several benchmark datasets, and across a broad range of applications, demonstrate the superiority of the proposed model over competing methods.	Learning Generic Sentence Representations Using Convolutional Neural   Networks  We propose a new encoder-decoder approach to learn distributed sentence representations that are applicable to multiple purposes. The model is learned by using a convolutional neural network as an encoder to map an input sentence into a continuous vector, and using a long short-term memory recurrent neural network as a decoder.  Several tasks are considered, including sentence reconstruction and future sentence prediction. Further, a hierarchical encoder-decoder model is proposed to encode a sentence to predict multiple future sentences. By training our models on a large collection of novels, we obtain a highly generic convolutional sentence encoder that performs well in practice. Experimental results on several benchmark datasets, and across a broad range of applications, demonstrate the superiority of the proposed model over competing methods.	308
What are encoder-decoder models in recurrent neural networks?	Encoder-Powered Generative Adversarial Networks  We present an encoder-powered generative adversarial network (EncGAN) that is able to learn both the multi-manifold structure and the abstract features of data. Unlike the conventional decoder-based GANs, EncGAN uses an encoder to model the manifold structure and invert the encoder to generate data.  This unique scheme enables the proposed model to exclude discrete features from the smooth structure modeling and learn multi-manifold data without being hindered by the disconnections. Also, as EncGAN requires a single latent space to carry the information for all the manifolds, it builds abstract features shared among the manifolds in the latent space.	Encoder-Powered Generative Adversarial Networks  We present an encoder-powered generative adversarial network (EncGAN) that is able to learn both the multi-manifold structure and the abstract features of data. Unlike the conventional decoder-based GANs, EncGAN uses an encoder to model the manifold structure and invert the encoder to generate data.  This unique scheme enables the proposed model to exclude discrete features from the smooth structure modeling and learn multi-manifold data without being hindered by the disconnections. Also, as EncGAN requires a single latent space to carry the information for all the manifolds, it builds abstract features shared among the manifolds in the latent space.	310
What are encoder-decoder models in recurrent neural networks?	 Thus the CDS system can provide physicians with rational recommendations. We also address the problem of correlation in target features: Often a physician is required to make multiple (sub-)decisions in a block, and that these decisions are mutually dependent. We propose a solution to the target correlation problem using a tensor factorization model.  In order to handle the patients' historical information as sequential data, we apply the so-called Encoder-Decoder-Framework which is based on Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) as encoders and a tensor factorization model as a decoder, a combination which is novel in machine learning. With experiments with real-world datasets we show that the proposed model does achieve better prediction performances.	 In order to handle the patients' historical information as sequential data, we apply the so-called Encoder-Decoder-Framework which is based on Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) as encoders and a tensor factorization model as a decoder, a combination which is novel in machine learning. With experiments with real-world datasets we show that the proposed model does achieve better prediction performances.	313
Why do Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) combine the input and hidden state together and not seperately?	Neural Models for Reasoning over Multiple Mentions using Coreference  Many problems in NLP require aggregating information from multiple mentions of the same entity which may be far apart in the text. Existing Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) layers are biased towards short-term dependencies and hence not suited to such tasks.  We present a recurrent layer which is instead biased towards coreferent dependencies. The layer uses coreference annotations extracted from an external system to connect entity mentions belonging to the same cluster. Incorporating this layer into a state-of-the-art reading comprehension model improves performance on three datasets -- Wikihop, LAMBADA and the bAbi AI tasks -- with large gains when training data is scarce.	Neural Models for Reasoning over Multiple Mentions using Coreference  Many problems in NLP require aggregating information from multiple mentions of the same entity which may be far apart in the text. Existing Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) layers are biased towards short-term dependencies and hence not suited to such tasks.  We present a recurrent layer which is instead biased towards coreferent dependencies. The layer uses coreference annotations extracted from an external system to connect entity mentions belonging to the same cluster. Incorporating this layer into a state-of-the-art reading comprehension model improves performance on three datasets -- Wikihop, LAMBADA and the bAbi AI tasks -- with large gains when training data is scarce.	289
Why do Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) combine the input and hidden state together and not seperately?	R3Net: Random Weights, Rectifier Linear Units and Robustness for   Artificial Neural Network  We consider a neural network architecture with randomized features, a sign-splitter, followed by rectified linear units (ReLU). We prove that our architecture exhibits robustness to the input perturbation: the output feature of the neural network exhibits a Lipschitz continuity in terms of the input perturbation.  We further show that the network output exhibits a discrimination ability that inputs that are not arbitrarily close generate output vectors which maintain distance between each other obeying a certain lower bound. This ensures that two different inputs remain discriminable while contracting the distance in the output feature space.	 We further show that the network output exhibits a discrimination ability that inputs that are not arbitrarily close generate output vectors which maintain distance between each other obeying a certain lower bound. This ensures that two different inputs remain discriminable while contracting the distance in the output feature space.	300
Why do Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) combine the input and hidden state together and not seperately?	Sequential Neural Processes  Neural Processes combine the strengths of neural networks and Gaussian processes to achieve both flexible learning and fast prediction in stochastic processes. However, a large class of problems comprises underlying temporal dependency structures in a sequence of stochastic processes that Neural Processes (NP) do not explicitly consider.  In this paper, we propose Sequential Neural Processes (SNP) which incorporates a temporal state-transition model of stochastic processes and thus extends its modeling capabilities to dynamic stochastic processes. In applying SNP to dynamic 3D scene modeling, we introduce the Temporal Generative Query Networks. To our knowledge, this is the first 4D model that can deal with the temporal dynamics of 3D scenes. In experiments, we evaluate the proposed methods in dynamic (non-stationary) regression and 4D scene inference and rendering.	Sequential Neural Processes  Neural Processes combine the strengths of neural networks and Gaussian processes to achieve both flexible learning and fast prediction in stochastic processes. However, a large class of problems comprises underlying temporal dependency structures in a sequence of stochastic processes that Neural Processes (NP) do not explicitly consider.  In this paper, we propose Sequential Neural Processes (SNP) which incorporates a temporal state-transition model of stochastic processes and thus extends its modeling capabilities to dynamic stochastic processes. In applying SNP to dynamic 3D scene modeling, we introduce the Temporal Generative Query Networks. To our knowledge, this is the first 4D model that can deal with the temporal dynamics of 3D scenes. In experiments, we evaluate the proposed methods in dynamic (non-stationary) regression and 4D scene inference and rendering.	303
Why do Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) combine the input and hidden state together and not seperately?	Reversible Recurrent Neural Networks  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) provide state-of-the-art performance in processing sequential data but are memory intensive to train, limiting the flexibility of RNN models which can be trained. Reversible RNNs---RNNs for which the hidden-to-hidden transition can be reversed---offer a path to reduce the memory requirements of training, as hidden states need not be stored and instead can be recomputed during backpropagation.	Reversible Recurrent Neural Networks  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) provide state-of-the-art performance in processing sequential data but are memory intensive to train, limiting the flexibility of RNN models which can be trained. Reversible RNNs---RNNs for which the hidden-to-hidden transition can be reversed---offer a path to reduce the memory requirements of training, as hidden states need not be stored and instead can be recomputed during backpropagation.	287
Why do Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) combine the input and hidden state together and not seperately?	An Exploration of Dropout with RNNs for Natural Language Inference  Dropout is a crucial regularization technique for the Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) models of Natural Language Inference (NLI). However, dropout has not been evaluated for the effectiveness at different layers and dropout rates in NLI models.  In this paper, we propose a novel RNN model for NLI and empirically evaluate the effect of applying dropout at different layers in the model. We also investigate the impact of varying dropout rates at these layers. Our empirical evaluation on a large (Stanford Natural Language Inference (SNLI)) and a small (SciTail) dataset suggest that dropout at each feed-forward connection severely affects the model accuracy at increasing dropout rates. We also show that regularizing the embedding layer is efficient for SNLI whereas regularizing the recurrent layer improves the accuracy for SciTail. Our model achieved an accuracy 86.14% on the SNLI dataset and 77.05% on SciTail.	An Exploration of Dropout with RNNs for Natural Language Inference  Dropout is a crucial regularization technique for the Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) models of Natural Language Inference (NLI). However, dropout has not been evaluated for the effectiveness at different layers and dropout rates in NLI models.  In this paper, we propose a novel RNN model for NLI and empirically evaluate the effect of applying dropout at different layers in the model. We also investigate the impact of varying dropout rates at these layers. Our empirical evaluation on a large (Stanford Natural Language Inference (SNLI)) and a small (SciTail) dataset suggest that dropout at each feed-forward connection severely affects the model accuracy at increasing dropout rates. We also show that regularizing the embedding layer is efficient for SNLI whereas regularizing the recurrent layer improves the accuracy for SciTail. Our model achieved an accuracy 86.14% on the SNLI dataset and 77.05% on SciTail.	303
What is an intuitive explanation of LSTMs and GRUs?	 Nevertheless, LSTMs have a rather complex design with three multiplicative gates, that might impair their efficient implementation. An attempt to simplify LSTMs has recently led to Gated Recurrent Units (GRUs), which are based on just two multiplicative gates.   This paper builds on these efforts by further revising GRUs and proposing a simplified architecture potentially more suitable for speech recognition.  The contribution of this work is two-fold. First, we suggest to remove the reset gate in the GRU design, resulting in a more efficient single-gate architecture. Second, we propose to replace tanh with ReLU activations in the state update equations. Results show that, in our implementation, the revised architecture reduces the per-epoch training time with more than 30% and consistently improves recognition performance across different tasks, input features, and noisy conditions when compared to a standard GRU.	 Nevertheless, LSTMs have a rather complex design with three multiplicative gates, that might impair their efficient implementation. An attempt to simplify LSTMs has recently led to Gated Recurrent Units (GRUs), which are based on just two multiplicative gates.   This paper builds on these efforts by further revising GRUs and proposing a simplified architecture potentially more suitable for speech recognition.  The contribution of this work is two-fold. First, we suggest to remove the reset gate in the GRU design, resulting in a more efficient single-gate architecture. Second, we propose to replace tanh with ReLU activations in the state update equations. Results show that, in our implementation, the revised architecture reduces the per-epoch training time with more than 30% and consistently improves recognition performance across different tasks, input features, and noisy conditions when compared to a standard GRU.	394
What is an intuitive explanation of LSTMs and GRUs?	 This problem is formulated as an optimization problem which jointly optimizes UAV deployment, user association, and power efficiency while meeting the illumination and communication requirements of users. To solve this problem, an algorithm that combines the machine learning framework of gated recurrent units (GRUs) with convolutional neural networks (CNNs) is proposed.  Using GRUs and CNNs, the UAVs can model the long-term historical illumination distribution and predict the future illumination distribution. Given the prediction of illumination distribution, the original nonconvex optimization problem can be divided into two sub-problems and is then solved using a low-complexity, iterative algorithm.	 This problem is formulated as an optimization problem which jointly optimizes UAV deployment, user association, and power efficiency while meeting the illumination and communication requirements of users. To solve this problem, an algorithm that combines the machine learning framework of gated recurrent units (GRUs) with convolutional neural networks (CNNs) is proposed.  Using GRUs and CNNs, the UAVs can model the long-term historical illumination distribution and predict the future illumination distribution. Given the prediction of illumination distribution, the original nonconvex optimization problem can be divided into two sub-problems and is then solved using a low-complexity, iterative algorithm.	395
What is an intuitive explanation of LSTMs and GRUs?	 However, through theoretical analysis we argue that 1) the multiple steps of local updating will result in gradient biases and 2) there is an inconsistency between the expected target distribution and the optimization objectives following the training paradigm in FedAvg. To tackle these problems, we first propose an unbiased gradient aggregation algorithm with the keep-trace gradient descent and the gradient evaluation strategy.  Then we introduce an additional controllable meta updating procedure with a small set of data samples, indicating the expected target distribution, to provide a clear and consistent optimization objective. Both the two improvements are model- and task-agnostic and can be applied individually or together. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed methods are faster in convergence and achieve higher accuracy with different network architectures in various FL settings.	 However, through theoretical analysis we argue that 1) the multiple steps of local updating will result in gradient biases and 2) there is an inconsistency between the expected target distribution and the optimization objectives following the training paradigm in FedAvg. To tackle these problems, we first propose an unbiased gradient aggregation algorithm with the keep-trace gradient descent and the gradient evaluation strategy.  Then we introduce an additional controllable meta updating procedure with a small set of data samples, indicating the expected target distribution, to provide a clear and consistent optimization objective. Both the two improvements are model- and task-agnostic and can be applied individually or together. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed methods are faster in convergence and achieve higher accuracy with different network architectures in various FL settings.	359
What is an intuitive explanation of LSTMs and GRUs?	 The analysis is conducted in two complementary settings, i.e., when the objective of interest is to approximate the full sample estimator or is to infer the underlying ground truth model parameters. For each setting, we show that the sampling estimator is asymptotically normally distributed under mild regularity conditions.  Moreover, the sampling estimator is asymptotically unbiased in both settings. Based on our asymptotic analysis, we use two criteria, the Asymptotic Mean Squared Error (AMSE) and the Expected Asymptotic Mean Squared Error (EAMSE), to identify optimal sampling probabilities. Several of these optimal sampling probability distributions are new to the literature, e.g., the root leverage sampling estimator and the predictor length sampling estimator. Our theoretical results clarify the role of leverage in the sampling process, and our empirical results demonstrate improvements over existing methods.	 The analysis is conducted in two complementary settings, i.e., when the objective of interest is to approximate the full sample estimator or is to infer the underlying ground truth model parameters. For each setting, we show that the sampling estimator is asymptotically normally distributed under mild regularity conditions.  Moreover, the sampling estimator is asymptotically unbiased in both settings. Based on our asymptotic analysis, we use two criteria, the Asymptotic Mean Squared Error (AMSE) and the Expected Asymptotic Mean Squared Error (EAMSE), to identify optimal sampling probabilities. Several of these optimal sampling probability distributions are new to the literature, e.g., the root leverage sampling estimator and the predictor length sampling estimator. Our theoretical results clarify the role of leverage in the sampling process, and our empirical results demonstrate improvements over existing methods.	393
What is an intuitive explanation of LSTMs and GRUs?	Sequential Feature Explanations for Anomaly Detection  In many applications, an anomaly detection system presents the most anomalous data instance to a human analyst, who then must determine whether the instance is truly of interest (e.g. a threat in a security setting). Unfortunately, most anomaly detectors provide no explanation about why an instance was considered anomalous, leaving the analyst with no guidance about where to begin the investigation.  To address this issue, we study the problems of computing and evaluating sequential feature explanations (SFEs) for anomaly detectors. An SFE of an anomaly is a sequence of features, which are presented to the analyst one at a time (in order) until the information contained in the highlighted features is enough for the analyst to make a confident judgement about the anomaly.	Sequential Feature Explanations for Anomaly Detection  In many applications, an anomaly detection system presents the most anomalous data instance to a human analyst, who then must determine whether the instance is truly of interest (e.g. a threat in a security setting). Unfortunately, most anomaly detectors provide no explanation about why an instance was considered anomalous, leaving the analyst with no guidance about where to begin the investigation.  To address this issue, we study the problems of computing and evaluating sequential feature explanations (SFEs) for anomaly detectors. An SFE of an anomaly is a sequence of features, which are presented to the analyst one at a time (in order) until the information contained in the highlighted features is enough for the analyst to make a confident judgement about the anomaly.	367
Are GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) a special case of LSTM?	 I.e., can we "back-propagate" through these stochastic neurons? We examine this question, existing approaches, and compare four families of solutions, applicable in different settings. One of them is the minimum variance unbiased gradient estimator for stochatic binary neurons (a special case of the REINFORCE algorithm).  A second approach, introduced here, decomposes the operation of a binary stochastic neuron into a stochastic binary part and a smooth differentiable part, which approximates the expected effect of the pure stochatic binary neuron to first order. A third approach involves the injection of additive or multiplicative noise in a computational graph that is otherwise differentiable.	 I.e., can we "back-propagate" through these stochastic neurons? We examine this question, existing approaches, and compare four families of solutions, applicable in different settings. One of them is the minimum variance unbiased gradient estimator for stochatic binary neurons (a special case of the REINFORCE algorithm).  A second approach, introduced here, decomposes the operation of a binary stochastic neuron into a stochastic binary part and a smooth differentiable part, which approximates the expected effect of the pure stochatic binary neuron to first order. A third approach involves the injection of additive or multiplicative noise in a computational graph that is otherwise differentiable.	337
Are GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) a special case of LSTM?	 We have used Multiplicative weight no-regret algorithm to obtain a Coarse Correlated Equilibrium (CCE). Then we consider the case when the users can decode ACK/NACK of each other. In this scenario we provide an algorithm to maximize the weighted sum-utility of all the users and obtain a Pareto optimal point.  PP is socially optimal but may be unfair to individual users. Next we consider the case where the users can cooperate with each other so as to disagree with the policy which will be unfair to individual user. We then obtain a Nash bargaining solution, which in addition to being Pareto optimal, is also fair to each user.	 We have used Multiplicative weight no-regret algorithm to obtain a Coarse Correlated Equilibrium (CCE). Then we consider the case when the users can decode ACK/NACK of each other. In this scenario we provide an algorithm to maximize the weighted sum-utility of all the users and obtain a Pareto optimal point.  PP is socially optimal but may be unfair to individual users. Next we consider the case where the users can cooperate with each other so as to disagree with the policy which will be unfair to individual user. We then obtain a Nash bargaining solution, which in addition to being Pareto optimal, is also fair to each user.	348
Are GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) a special case of LSTM?	Empirical Evaluation of Gated Recurrent Neural Networks on Sequence   Modeling  In this paper we compare different types of recurrent units in recurrent neural networks (RNNs). Especially, we focus on more sophisticated units that implement a gating mechanism, such as a long short-term memory (LSTM) unit and a recently proposed gated recurrent unit (GRU). We evaluate these recurrent units on the tasks of polyphonic music modeling and speech signal modeling. Our experiments revealed that these advanced recurrent units are indeed better than more traditional recurrent units such as tanh units. Also, we found GRU to be comparable to LSTM.	Empirical Evaluation of Gated Recurrent Neural Networks on Sequence   Modeling  In this paper we compare different types of recurrent units in recurrent neural networks (RNNs). Especially, we focus on more sophisticated units that implement a gating mechanism, such as a long short-term memory (LSTM) unit and a recently proposed gated recurrent unit (GRU). We evaluate these recurrent units on the tasks of polyphonic music modeling and speech signal modeling. Our experiments revealed that these advanced recurrent units are indeed better than more traditional recurrent units such as tanh units. Also, we found GRU to be comparable to LSTM.	336
Are GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) a special case of LSTM?	 In this paper, we establish sufficient conditions for the perfect recovery guarantee of the general weighted convex clustering model, which include and improve existing theoretical results as special cases. In addition, we develop a semismooth Newton based augmented Lagrangian method for solving large-scale convex clustering problems.  Extensive numerical experiments on both simulated and real data demonstrate that our algorithm is highly efficient and robust for solving large-scale problems. Moreover, the numerical results also show the superior performance and scalability of our algorithm comparing to the existing first-order methods. In particular, our algorithm is able to solve a convex clustering problem with 200,000 points in $\mathbb{R}^3$ in about 6 minutes.	 In this paper, we establish sufficient conditions for the perfect recovery guarantee of the general weighted convex clustering model, which include and improve existing theoretical results as special cases. In addition, we develop a semismooth Newton based augmented Lagrangian method for solving large-scale convex clustering problems.  Extensive numerical experiments on both simulated and real data demonstrate that our algorithm is highly efficient and robust for solving large-scale problems. Moreover, the numerical results also show the superior performance and scalability of our algorithm comparing to the existing first-order methods. In particular, our algorithm is able to solve a convex clustering problem with 200,000 points in $\mathbb{R}^3$ in about 6 minutes.	343
Are GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) a special case of LSTM?	A Spectral Algorithm for Latent Dirichlet Allocation  The problem of topic modeling can be seen as a generalization of the clustering problem, in that it posits that observations are generated due to multiple latent factors (e.g., the words in each document are generated as a mixture of several active topics, as opposed to just one).  This increased representational power comes at the cost of a more challenging unsupervised learning problem of estimating the topic probability vectors (the distributions over words for each topic), when only the words are observed and the corresponding topics are hidden.   We provide a simple and efficient learning procedure that is guaranteed to recover the parameters for a wide class of mixture models, including the popular latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) model.	A Spectral Algorithm for Latent Dirichlet Allocation  The problem of topic modeling can be seen as a generalization of the clustering problem, in that it posits that observations are generated due to multiple latent factors (e.g., the words in each document are generated as a mixture of several active topics, as opposed to just one).  This increased representational power comes at the cost of a more challenging unsupervised learning problem of estimating the topic probability vectors (the distributions over words for each topic), when only the words are observed and the corresponding topics are hidden.   We provide a simple and efficient learning procedure that is guaranteed to recover the parameters for a wide class of mixture models, including the popular latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) model.	339
How many time-steps can LSTM RNNs remember inputs for?	 However, in many cases, longitudinal cohorts contain incomplete data, which hinders the application of standard RNNs and requires a pre-processing step such as imputation of the missing values. We, therefore, propose a generalized training rule for the most widely used RNN architecture, long short-term memory (LSTM) networks, that can handle missing values in both target and predictor variables.  This algorithm is applied for modeling the progression of Alzheimer's disease (AD) using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) biomarkers. The results show that the proposed LSTM algorithm achieves a lower mean absolute error for prediction of measurements across all considered MRI biomarkers compared to using standard LSTM networks with data imputation or using a regression-based DPM method.	 However, in many cases, longitudinal cohorts contain incomplete data, which hinders the application of standard RNNs and requires a pre-processing step such as imputation of the missing values. We, therefore, propose a generalized training rule for the most widely used RNN architecture, long short-term memory (LSTM) networks, that can handle missing values in both target and predictor variables.  This algorithm is applied for modeling the progression of Alzheimer's disease (AD) using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) biomarkers. The results show that the proposed LSTM algorithm achieves a lower mean absolute error for prediction of measurements across all considered MRI biomarkers compared to using standard LSTM networks with data imputation or using a regression-based DPM method.	394
How many time-steps can LSTM RNNs remember inputs for?	Assessing the Memory Ability of Recurrent Neural Networks  It is known that Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) can remember, in their hidden layers, part of the semantic information expressed by a sequence (e.g., a sentence) that is being processed. Different types of recurrent units have been designed to enable RNNs to remember information over longer time spans.  However, the memory abilities of different recurrent units are still theoretically and empirically unclear, thus limiting the development of more effective and explainable RNNs. To tackle the problem, in this paper, we identify and analyze the internal and external factors that affect the memory ability of RNNs, and propose a Semantic Euclidean Space to represent the semantics expressed by a sequence.	Assessing the Memory Ability of Recurrent Neural Networks  It is known that Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) can remember, in their hidden layers, part of the semantic information expressed by a sequence (e.g., a sentence) that is being processed. Different types of recurrent units have been designed to enable RNNs to remember information over longer time spans.  However, the memory abilities of different recurrent units are still theoretically and empirically unclear, thus limiting the development of more effective and explainable RNNs. To tackle the problem, in this paper, we identify and analyze the internal and external factors that affect the memory ability of RNNs, and propose a Semantic Euclidean Space to represent the semantics expressed by a sequence.	348
How many time-steps can LSTM RNNs remember inputs for?	ANODE: Unconditionally Accurate Memory-Efficient Gradients for Neural   ODEs  Residual neural networks can be viewed as the forward Euler discretization of an Ordinary Differential Equation (ODE) with a unit time step. This has recently motivated researchers to explore other discretization approaches and train ODE based networks.  However, an important challenge of neural ODEs is their prohibitive memory cost during gradient backpropogation. Recently a method proposed in [8], claimed that this memory overhead can be reduced from O(LN_t), where N_t is the number of time steps, down to O(L) by solving forward ODE backwards in time, where L is the depth of the network.  However, we will show that this approach may lead to several problems: (i) it may be numerically unstable for ReLU/non-ReLU activations and general convolution operators, and (ii) the proposed optimize-then-discretize approach may lead to divergent training due to inconsistent gradients for small time step sizes.	 However, an important challenge of neural ODEs is their prohibitive memory cost during gradient backpropogation. Recently a method proposed in [8], claimed that this memory overhead can be reduced from O(LN_t), where N_t is the number of time steps, down to O(L) by solving forward ODE backwards in time, where L is the depth of the network.	373
How many time-steps can LSTM RNNs remember inputs for?	 However, RNNs are hard to train using conventional error backpropagation methods because of the difficulty in relating inputs over many time-steps. Regularization approaches from MLP sphere, like dropout and noisy weight training, have been insufficiently applied and tested on simple RNNs. Moreover, solutions have been proposed to improve convergence in RNNs but not enough to improve the long term dependency remembering capabilities thereof.    In this study, we aim to empirically evaluate the remembering and generalization ability of RNNs on polyphonic musical datasets. The models are trained with injected noise, random dropout, norm-based regularizers and their respective performances compared to well-initialized plain RNNs and advanced regularization methods like fast-dropout. We conclude with evidence that training with noise does not improve performance as conjectured by a few works in RNN optimization before ours.	 However, RNNs are hard to train using conventional error backpropagation methods because of the difficulty in relating inputs over many time-steps. Regularization approaches from MLP sphere, like dropout and noisy weight training, have been insufficiently applied and tested on simple RNNs. Moreover, solutions have been proposed to improve convergence in RNNs but not enough to improve the long term dependency remembering capabilities thereof.    In this study, we aim to empirically evaluate the remembering and generalization ability of RNNs on polyphonic musical datasets. The models are trained with injected noise, random dropout, norm-based regularizers and their respective performances compared to well-initialized plain RNNs and advanced regularization methods like fast-dropout. We conclude with evidence that training with noise does not improve performance as conjectured by a few works in RNN optimization before ours.	374
How many time-steps can LSTM RNNs remember inputs for?	Advanced LSTM: A Study about Better Time Dependency Modeling in Emotion   Recognition  Long short-term memory (LSTM) is normally used in recurrent neural network (RNN) as basic recurrent unit. However,conventional LSTM assumes that the state at current time step depends on previous time step. This assumption constraints the time dependency modeling capability.  In this study, we propose a new variation of LSTM, advanced LSTM (A-LSTM), for better temporal context modeling. We employ A-LSTM in weighted pooling RNN for emotion recognition. The A-LSTM outperforms the conventional LSTM by 5.5% relatively. The A-LSTM based weighted pooling RNN can also complement the state-of-the-art emotion classification framework. This shows the advantage of A-LSTM.	Advanced LSTM: A Study about Better Time Dependency Modeling in Emotion   Recognition  Long short-term memory (LSTM) is normally used in recurrent neural network (RNN) as basic recurrent unit. However,conventional LSTM assumes that the state at current time step depends on previous time step. This assumption constraints the time dependency modeling capability.  In this study, we propose a new variation of LSTM, advanced LSTM (A-LSTM), for better temporal context modeling. We employ A-LSTM in weighted pooling RNN for emotion recognition. The A-LSTM outperforms the conventional LSTM by 5.5% relatively. The A-LSTM based weighted pooling RNN can also complement the state-of-the-art emotion classification framework. This shows the advantage of A-LSTM.	379
How does attention model work using LSTM?	 Impressively, tremendous experimental works have verified that model averaging can still achieve a good speed-up of the training time as long as the averaging interval is carefully controlled. However, it remains a mystery in theory why such a simple heuristic works so well. This paper provides a thorough and rigorous theoretical study on why model averaging can work as well as parallel mini-batch SGD with significantly less communication overhead.	 Impressively, tremendous experimental works have verified that model averaging can still achieve a good speed-up of the training time as long as the averaging interval is carefully controlled. However, it remains a mystery in theory why such a simple heuristic works so well. This paper provides a thorough and rigorous theoretical study on why model averaging can work as well as parallel mini-batch SGD with significantly less communication overhead.	365
How does attention model work using LSTM?	 In this paper we address the problem of selecting models and minimising joint cost (integrating both misclassification cost and test costs) without any of the above assumptions. We introduce methods and plots (such as the so-called JROC plots) that can work with any off-the-shelf predictive technique, including ensembles, such that we reframe the model to use the appropriate subset of attributes (the feature configuration) during deployment time.  In other words, models are trained with the available attributes (once and for all) and then deployed by setting missing values on the attributes that are deemed ineffective for reducing the joint cost. As the number of feature configuration combinations grows exponentially with the number of features we introduce quadratic methods that are able to approximate the optimal configuration and model choices, as shown by the experimental results.	 In this paper we address the problem of selecting models and minimising joint cost (integrating both misclassification cost and test costs) without any of the above assumptions. We introduce methods and plots (such as the so-called JROC plots) that can work with any off-the-shelf predictive technique, including ensembles, such that we reframe the model to use the appropriate subset of attributes (the feature configuration) during deployment time.  In other words, models are trained with the available attributes (once and for all) and then deployed by setting missing values on the attributes that are deemed ineffective for reducing the joint cost. As the number of feature configuration combinations grows exponentially with the number of features we introduce quadratic methods that are able to approximate the optimal configuration and model choices, as shown by the experimental results.	360
How does attention model work using LSTM?	Testing Visual Attention in Dynamic Environments  We investigate attention as the active pursuit of useful information. This contrasts with attention as a mechanism for the attenuation of irrelevant information. We also consider the role of short-term memory, whose use is critical to any model incapable of simultaneously perceiving all information on which its output depends.  We present several simple synthetic tasks, which become considerably more interesting when we impose strong constraints on how a model can interact with its input, and on how long it can take to produce its output. We develop a model with a different structure from those seen in previous work, and we train it using stochastic variational inference with a learned proposal distribution.	 We present several simple synthetic tasks, which become considerably more interesting when we impose strong constraints on how a model can interact with its input, and on how long it can take to produce its output. We develop a model with a different structure from those seen in previous work, and we train it using stochastic variational inference with a learned proposal distribution.	354
How does attention model work using LSTM?	 However, despite its appealing properties, inference in LFRM remains a challenge and is typically done via MCMC methods. This can be slow and may take a long time to converge. In this work, we develop a small-variance asymptotics based framework for the non-parametric Bayesian LFRM. This leads to an objective function that retains the nonparametric Bayesian flavor of LFRM, while enabling us to design deterministic inference algorithms for this model, that are easy to implement (using generic or specialized optimization routines) and are fast in practice. Our results on several benchmark datasets demonstrate that our algorithm is competitive to methods such as MCMC, while being much faster.	 However, despite its appealing properties, inference in LFRM remains a challenge and is typically done via MCMC methods. This can be slow and may take a long time to converge. In this work, we develop a small-variance asymptotics based framework for the non-parametric Bayesian LFRM. This leads to an objective function that retains the nonparametric Bayesian flavor of LFRM, while enabling us to design deterministic inference algorithms for this model, that are easy to implement (using generic or specialized optimization routines) and are fast in practice. Our results on several benchmark datasets demonstrate that our algorithm is competitive to methods such as MCMC, while being much faster.	365
How does attention model work using LSTM?	 Uplift modeling can be used to estimate which users are likely to benefit from a treatment and then prioritize delivering or promoting the preferred experience to those users. An important but so far neglected use case for uplift modeling is an experiment with multiple treatment groups that have different costs, such as for example when different communication channels and promotion types are tested simultaneously. In this paper, we extend standard uplift models to support multiple treatment groups with different costs. We evaluate the performance of the proposed models using both synthetic and real data. We also describe a production implementation of the approach.	 Uplift modeling can be used to estimate which users are likely to benefit from a treatment and then prioritize delivering or promoting the preferred experience to those users. An important but so far neglected use case for uplift modeling is an experiment with multiple treatment groups that have different costs, such as for example when different communication channels and promotion types are tested simultaneously. In this paper, we extend standard uplift models to support multiple treatment groups with different costs. We evaluate the performance of the proposed models using both synthetic and real data. We also describe a production implementation of the approach.	365
How do RNNs differ from Markov Chains?	Detecting Spiky Corruption in Markov Decision Processes  Current reinforcement learning methods fail if the reward function is imperfect, i.e. if the agent observes reward different from what it actually receives. We study this problem within the formalism of Corrupt Reward Markov Decision Processes (CRMDPs).  We show that if the reward corruption in a CRMDP is sufficiently "spiky", the environment is solvable. We fully characterize the regret bound of a Spiky CRMDP, and introduce an algorithm that is able to detect its corrupt states. We show that this algorithm can be used to learn the optimal policy with any common reinforcement learning algorithm. Finally, we investigate our algorithm in a pair of simple gridworld environments, finding that our algorithm can detect the corrupt states and learn the optimal policy despite the corruption.	Detecting Spiky Corruption in Markov Decision Processes  Current reinforcement learning methods fail if the reward function is imperfect, i.e. if the agent observes reward different from what it actually receives. We study this problem within the formalism of Corrupt Reward Markov Decision Processes (CRMDPs).  We show that if the reward corruption in a CRMDP is sufficiently "spiky", the environment is solvable. We fully characterize the regret bound of a Spiky CRMDP, and introduce an algorithm that is able to detect its corrupt states. We show that this algorithm can be used to learn the optimal policy with any common reinforcement learning algorithm. Finally, we investigate our algorithm in a pair of simple gridworld environments, finding that our algorithm can detect the corrupt states and learn the optimal policy despite the corruption.	440
How do RNNs differ from Markov Chains?	 The significant events are first extracted by considering the time-varying distribution of players to represent the whole match. Then, the extracted events are redefined as different states with the continuous parameter space and built as a Markov chain so that a Markov reward process can be applied.  Finally, the Markov reward process is solved by a customized fitted-value iteration algorithm so that the event values with the continuous parameter space can be predicted by a regression model. As a result, the event values can be visually inspected over the whole playing field under arbitrary given conditions. Experimental results with real soccer data show the effectiveness of the proposed system.	 The significant events are first extracted by considering the time-varying distribution of players to represent the whole match. Then, the extracted events are redefined as different states with the continuous parameter space and built as a Markov chain so that a Markov reward process can be applied.  Finally, the Markov reward process is solved by a customized fitted-value iteration algorithm so that the event values with the continuous parameter space can be predicted by a regression model. As a result, the event values can be visually inspected over the whole playing field under arbitrary given conditions. Experimental results with real soccer data show the effectiveness of the proposed system.	457
How do RNNs differ from Markov Chains?	Constrained Approximate Maximum Entropy Learning of Markov Random Fields  Parameter estimation in Markov random fields (MRFs) is a difficult task, in which inference over the network is run in the inner loop of a gradient descent procedure. Replacing exact inference with approximate methods such as loopy belief propagation (LBP) can suffer from poor convergence.  In this paper, we provide a different approach for combining MRF learning and Bethe approximation. We consider the dual of maximum likelihood Markov network learning - maximizing entropy with moment matching constraints - and then approximate both the objective and the constraints in the resulting optimization problem.	Constrained Approximate Maximum Entropy Learning of Markov Random Fields  Parameter estimation in Markov random fields (MRFs) is a difficult task, in which inference over the network is run in the inner loop of a gradient descent procedure. Replacing exact inference with approximate methods such as loopy belief propagation (LBP) can suffer from poor convergence.  In this paper, we provide a different approach for combining MRF learning and Bethe approximation. We consider the dual of maximum likelihood Markov network learning - maximizing entropy with moment matching constraints - and then approximate both the objective and the constraints in the resulting optimization problem.	471
How do RNNs differ from Markov Chains?	Introducing user-prescribed constraints in Markov chains for nonlinear   dimensionality reduction  Stochastic kernel based dimensionality reduction approaches have become popular in the last decade. The central component of many of these methods is a symmetric kernel that quantifies the vicinity between pairs of data points and a kernel-induced Markov chain on the data.  Typically, the Markov chain is fully specified by the kernel through row normalization. However, in many cases, it is desirable to impose user-specified stationary-state and dynamical constraints on the Markov chain. Unfortunately, no systematic framework exists to impose such user-defined constraints. Here, we introduce a path entropy maximization based approach to derive the transition probabilities of Markov chains using a kernel and additional user-specified constraints. We illustrate the usefulness of these Markov chains with examples.	 Typically, the Markov chain is fully specified by the kernel through row normalization. However, in many cases, it is desirable to impose user-specified stationary-state and dynamical constraints on the Markov chain. Unfortunately, no systematic framework exists to impose such user-defined constraints. Here, we introduce a path entropy maximization based approach to derive the transition probabilities of Markov chains using a kernel and additional user-specified constraints. We illustrate the usefulness of these Markov chains with examples.	471
How do RNNs differ from Markov Chains?	Markov Property in Generative Classifiers  We show that, for generative classifiers, conditional independence corresponds to linear constraints for the induced discrimination functions. Discrimination functions of undirected Markov network classifiers can thus be characterized by sets of linear constraints.  These constraints are represented by a second order finite difference operator over functions of categorical variables. As an application we study the expressive power of generative classifiers under the undirected Markov property and we present a general method to combine discriminative and generative classifiers.	Markov Property in Generative Classifiers  We show that, for generative classifiers, conditional independence corresponds to linear constraints for the induced discrimination functions. Discrimination functions of undirected Markov network classifiers can thus be characterized by sets of linear constraints.  These constraints are represented by a second order finite difference operator over functions of categorical variables. As an application we study the expressive power of generative classifiers under the undirected Markov property and we present a general method to combine discriminative and generative classifiers.	409
For modelling sequences, what are the pros and cons of using Gated Recurrent Units in place of LSTMs?	A Review of Stochastic Block Models and Extensions for Graph Clustering  There have been rapid developments in model-based clustering of graphs, also known as block modelling, over the last ten years or so. We review different approaches and extensions proposed for different aspects in this area, such as the type of the graph, the clustering approach, the inference approach, and whether the number of groups is selected or estimated.  We also review models that combine block modelling with topic modelling and/or longitudinal modelling, regarding how these models deal with multiple types of data. How different approaches cope with various issues will be summarised and compared, to facilitate the demand of practitioners for a concise overview of the current status of these areas of literature.	 We also review models that combine block modelling with topic modelling and/or longitudinal modelling, regarding how these models deal with multiple types of data. How different approaches cope with various issues will be summarised and compared, to facilitate the demand of practitioners for a concise overview of the current status of these areas of literature.	246
For modelling sequences, what are the pros and cons of using Gated Recurrent Units in place of LSTMs?	 Despite their success, however, these models lack necessary components to model local structures in sequences and heavily rely on position embeddings that have limited effects and require a considerable amount of design efforts. In this paper, we propose the R-Transformer which enjoys the advantages of both RNNs and the multi-head attention mechanism while avoids their respective drawbacks.  The proposed model can effectively capture both local structures and global long-term dependencies in sequences without any use of position embeddings. We evaluate R-Transformer through extensive experiments with data from a wide range of domains and the empirical results show that R-Transformer outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin in most of the tasks. We have made the code publicly available at \url{https://github.com/DSE-MSU/R-transformer}.	 Despite their success, however, these models lack necessary components to model local structures in sequences and heavily rely on position embeddings that have limited effects and require a considerable amount of design efforts. In this paper, we propose the R-Transformer which enjoys the advantages of both RNNs and the multi-head attention mechanism while avoids their respective drawbacks.  The proposed model can effectively capture both local structures and global long-term dependencies in sequences without any use of position embeddings. We evaluate R-Transformer through extensive experiments with data from a wide range of domains and the empirical results show that R-Transformer outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin in most of the tasks. We have made the code publicly available at \url{https://github.com/DSE-MSU/R-transformer}.	261
For modelling sequences, what are the pros and cons of using Gated Recurrent Units in place of LSTMs?	Ensemble Methods for Convex Regression with Applications to Geometric   Programming Based Circuit Design  Convex regression is a promising area for bridging statistical estimation and deterministic convex optimization. New piecewise linear convex regression methods are fast and scalable, but can have instability when used to approximate constraints or objective functions for optimization.  Ensemble methods, like bagging, smearing and random partitioning, can alleviate this problem and maintain the theoretical properties of the underlying estimator. We empirically examine the performance of ensemble methods for prediction and optimization, and then apply them to device modeling and constraint approximation for geometric programming based circuit design.	 Ensemble methods, like bagging, smearing and random partitioning, can alleviate this problem and maintain the theoretical properties of the underlying estimator. We empirically examine the performance of ensemble methods for prediction and optimization, and then apply them to device modeling and constraint approximation for geometric programming based circuit design.	254
For modelling sequences, what are the pros and cons of using Gated Recurrent Units in place of LSTMs?	Normalizing Flows: An Introduction and Review of Current Methods  Normalizing Flows are generative models which produce tractable distributions where both sampling and density evaluation can be efficient and exact. The goal of this survey article is to give a coherent and comprehensive review of the literature around the construction and use of Normalizing Flows for distribution learning. We aim to provide context and explanation of the models, review current state-of-the-art literature, and identify open questions and promising future directions.	Normalizing Flows: An Introduction and Review of Current Methods  Normalizing Flows are generative models which produce tractable distributions where both sampling and density evaluation can be efficient and exact. The goal of this survey article is to give a coherent and comprehensive review of the literature around the construction and use of Normalizing Flows for distribution learning. We aim to provide context and explanation of the models, review current state-of-the-art literature, and identify open questions and promising future directions.	256
For modelling sequences, what are the pros and cons of using Gated Recurrent Units in place of LSTMs?	 However, such a connection has considerable value when it comes to algorithm design: formalizing a problem as probabilistic inference in principle allows us to bring to bear a wide array of approximate inference tools, extend the model in flexible and powerful ways, and reason about compositionality and partial observability.  In this article, we will discuss how a generalization of the reinforcement learning or optimal control problem, which is sometimes termed maximum entropy reinforcement learning, is equivalent to exact probabilistic inference in the case of deterministic dynamics, and variational inference in the case of stochastic dynamics. We will present a detailed derivation of this framework, overview prior work that has drawn on this and related ideas to propose new reinforcement learning and control algorithms, and describe perspectives on future research.	 However, such a connection has considerable value when it comes to algorithm design: formalizing a problem as probabilistic inference in principle allows us to bring to bear a wide array of approximate inference tools, extend the model in flexible and powerful ways, and reason about compositionality and partial observability.  In this article, we will discuss how a generalization of the reinforcement learning or optimal control problem, which is sometimes termed maximum entropy reinforcement learning, is equivalent to exact probabilistic inference in the case of deterministic dynamics, and variational inference in the case of stochastic dynamics. We will present a detailed derivation of this framework, overview prior work that has drawn on this and related ideas to propose new reinforcement learning and control algorithms, and describe perspectives on future research.	258
What is exactly the attention mechanism introduced to RNN (recurrent neural network)? It would be nice if you could make it easy to understand!	Click-Through Rate Prediction with the User Memory Network  Click-through rate (CTR) prediction is a critical task in online advertising systems. Models like Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are simple but stateless. They consider each target ad independently and cannot directly extract useful information contained in users' historical ad impressions and clicks.  In contrast, models like Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are stateful but complex. They model temporal dependency between users' sequential behaviors and can achieve improved prediction performance than DNNs. However, both the offline training and online prediction process of RNNs are much more complex and time-consuming.  In this paper, we propose Memory Augmented DNN (MA-DNN) for practical CTR prediction services. In particular, we create two external memory vectors for each user, memorizing high-level abstractions of what a user possibly likes and dislikes. The proposed MA-DNN achieves a good compromise between DNN and RNN.	 In contrast, models like Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are stateful but complex. They model temporal dependency between users' sequential behaviors and can achieve improved prediction performance than DNNs. However, both the offline training and online prediction process of RNNs are much more complex and time-consuming.	290
What is exactly the attention mechanism introduced to RNN (recurrent neural network)? It would be nice if you could make it easy to understand!	Independently Recurrent Neural Network (IndRNN): Building A Longer and   Deeper RNN  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have been widely used for processing sequential data. However, RNNs are commonly difficult to train due to the well-known gradient vanishing and exploding problems and hard to learn long-term patterns.  Long short-term memory (LSTM) and gated recurrent unit (GRU) were developed to address these problems, but the use of hyperbolic tangent and the sigmoid action functions results in gradient decay over layers. Consequently, construction of an efficiently trainable deep network is challenging. In addition, all the neurons in an RNN layer are entangled together and their behaviour is hard to interpret.	Independently Recurrent Neural Network (IndRNN): Building A Longer and   Deeper RNN  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have been widely used for processing sequential data. However, RNNs are commonly difficult to train due to the well-known gradient vanishing and exploding problems and hard to learn long-term patterns.  Long short-term memory (LSTM) and gated recurrent unit (GRU) were developed to address these problems, but the use of hyperbolic tangent and the sigmoid action functions results in gradient decay over layers. Consequently, construction of an efficiently trainable deep network is challenging. In addition, all the neurons in an RNN layer are entangled together and their behaviour is hard to interpret.	257
What is exactly the attention mechanism introduced to RNN (recurrent neural network)? It would be nice if you could make it easy to understand!	Fundamentals of Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) and Long Short-Term   Memory (LSTM) Network  Because of their effectiveness in broad practical applications, LSTM networks have received a wealth of coverage in scientific journals, technical blogs, and implementation guides. However, in most articles, the inference formulas for the LSTM network and its parent, RNN, are stated axiomatically, while the training formulas are omitted altogether.  In addition, the technique of "unrolling" an RNN is routinely presented without justification throughout the literature. The goal of this paper is to explain the essential RNN and LSTM fundamentals in a single document. Drawing from concepts in signal processing, we formally derive the canonical RNN formulation from differential equations.	Fundamentals of Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) and Long Short-Term   Memory (LSTM) Network  Because of their effectiveness in broad practical applications, LSTM networks have received a wealth of coverage in scientific journals, technical blogs, and implementation guides. However, in most articles, the inference formulas for the LSTM network and its parent, RNN, are stated axiomatically, while the training formulas are omitted altogether.  In addition, the technique of "unrolling" an RNN is routinely presented without justification throughout the literature. The goal of this paper is to explain the essential RNN and LSTM fundamentals in a single document. Drawing from concepts in signal processing, we formally derive the canonical RNN formulation from differential equations.	279
What is exactly the attention mechanism introduced to RNN (recurrent neural network)? It would be nice if you could make it easy to understand!	Recurrent Neural Networks with External Memory for Language   Understanding  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) have become increasingly popular for the task of language understanding. In this task, a semantic tagger is deployed to associate a semantic label to each word in an input sequence. The success of RNN may be attributed to its ability to memorize long-term dependence that relates the current-time semantic label prediction to the observations many time instances away.  However, the memory capacity of simple RNNs is limited because of the gradient vanishing and exploding problem. We propose to use an external memory to improve memorization capability of RNNs. We conducted experiments on the ATIS dataset, and observed that the proposed model was able to achieve the state-of-the-art results. We compare our proposed model with alternative models and report analysis results that may provide insights for future research.	Recurrent Neural Networks with External Memory for Language   Understanding  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) have become increasingly popular for the task of language understanding. In this task, a semantic tagger is deployed to associate a semantic label to each word in an input sequence. The success of RNN may be attributed to its ability to memorize long-term dependence that relates the current-time semantic label prediction to the observations many time instances away.  However, the memory capacity of simple RNNs is limited because of the gradient vanishing and exploding problem. We propose to use an external memory to improve memorization capability of RNNs. We conducted experiments on the ATIS dataset, and observed that the proposed model was able to achieve the state-of-the-art results. We compare our proposed model with alternative models and report analysis results that may provide insights for future research.	291
What is exactly the attention mechanism introduced to RNN (recurrent neural network)? It would be nice if you could make it easy to understand!	Recurrent Neural Networks for Long and Short-Term Sequential   Recommendation  Recommender systems objectives can be broadly characterized as modeling user preferences over short-or long-term time horizon. A large body of previous research studied long-term recommendation through dimensionality reduction techniques applied to the historical user-item interactions.  A recently introduced session-based recommendation setting highlighted the importance of modeling short-term user preferences. In this task, Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) have shown to be successful at capturing the nuances of user's interactions within a short time window. In this paper, we evaluate RNN-based models on both short-term and long-term recommendation tasks. Our experimental results suggest that RNNs are capable of predicting immediate as well as distant user interactions. We also find the best performing configuration to be a stacked RNN with layer normalization and tied item embeddings.	 A recently introduced session-based recommendation setting highlighted the importance of modeling short-term user preferences. In this task, Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) have shown to be successful at capturing the nuances of user's interactions within a short time window. In this paper, we evaluate RNN-based models on both short-term and long-term recommendation tasks. Our experimental results suggest that RNNs are capable of predicting immediate as well as distant user interactions. We also find the best performing configuration to be a stacked RNN with layer normalization and tied item embeddings.	288
Is there any intuitive or simple explanation for how attention works in the deep learning model of an LSTM, GRU, or neural network?	 Here we demonstrate that deep learning can be used to capture many advantages of cloud-resolving modeling at a fraction of the computational cost. We train a deep neural network to represent all atmospheric sub-grid processes in a climate model by learning from a multi-scale model in which convection is treated explicitly.  The trained neural network then replaces the traditional sub-grid parameterizations in a global general circulation model in which it freely interacts with the resolved dynamics and the surface-flux scheme. The prognostic multi-year simulations are stable and closely reproduce not only the mean climate of the cloud-resolving simulation but also key aspects of variability, including precipitation extremes and the equatorial wave spectrum.	 Here we demonstrate that deep learning can be used to capture many advantages of cloud-resolving modeling at a fraction of the computational cost. We train a deep neural network to represent all atmospheric sub-grid processes in a climate model by learning from a multi-scale model in which convection is treated explicitly.  The trained neural network then replaces the traditional sub-grid parameterizations in a global general circulation model in which it freely interacts with the resolved dynamics and the surface-flux scheme. The prognostic multi-year simulations are stable and closely reproduce not only the mean climate of the cloud-resolving simulation but also key aspects of variability, including precipitation extremes and the equatorial wave spectrum.	244
Is there any intuitive or simple explanation for how attention works in the deep learning model of an LSTM, GRU, or neural network?	 Recently, a new breed of deep learning algorithms have emerged for high-nuisance inference tasks that routinely yield pattern recognition systems with near- or super-human capabilities. But a fundamental question remains: Why do they work? Intuitions abound, but a coherent framework for understanding, analyzing, and synthesizing deep learning architectures has remained elusive.  We answer this question by developing a new probabilistic framework for deep learning based on the Deep Rendering Model: a generative probabilistic model that explicitly captures latent nuisance variation. By relaxing the generative model to a discriminative one, we can recover two of the current leading deep learning systems, deep convolutional neural networks and random decision forests, providing insights into their successes and shortcomings, as well as a principled route to their improvement.	 We answer this question by developing a new probabilistic framework for deep learning based on the Deep Rendering Model: a generative probabilistic model that explicitly captures latent nuisance variation. By relaxing the generative model to a discriminative one, we can recover two of the current leading deep learning systems, deep convolutional neural networks and random decision forests, providing insights into their successes and shortcomings, as well as a principled route to their improvement.	236
Is there any intuitive or simple explanation for how attention works in the deep learning model of an LSTM, GRU, or neural network?	Deep learning as optimal control problems: models and numerical methods  We consider recent work of Haber and Ruthotto 2017 and Chang et al. 2018, where deep learning neural networks have been interpreted as discretisations of an optimal control problem subject to an ordinary differential equation constraint.  We review the first order conditions for optimality, and the conditions ensuring optimality after discretisation. This leads to a class of algorithms for solving the discrete optimal control problem which guarantee that the corresponding discrete necessary conditions for optimality are fulfilled. The differential equation setting lends itself to learning additional parameters such as the time discretisation. We explore this extension alongside natural constraints (e.g. time steps lie in a simplex). We compare these deep learning algorithms numerically in terms of induced flow and generalisation ability.	Deep learning as optimal control problems: models and numerical methods  We consider recent work of Haber and Ruthotto 2017 and Chang et al. 2018, where deep learning neural networks have been interpreted as discretisations of an optimal control problem subject to an ordinary differential equation constraint.  We review the first order conditions for optimality, and the conditions ensuring optimality after discretisation. This leads to a class of algorithms for solving the discrete optimal control problem which guarantee that the corresponding discrete necessary conditions for optimality are fulfilled. The differential equation setting lends itself to learning additional parameters such as the time discretisation. We explore this extension alongside natural constraints (e.g. time steps lie in a simplex). We compare these deep learning algorithms numerically in terms of induced flow and generalisation ability.	237
Is there any intuitive or simple explanation for how attention works in the deep learning model of an LSTM, GRU, or neural network?	Comparing two deep learning sequence-based models for protein-protein   interaction prediction  Biological data are extremely diverse, complex but also quite sparse. The recent developments in deep learning methods are offering new possibilities for the analysis of complex data. However, it is easy to be get a deep learning model that seems to have good results but is in fact either overfitting the training data or the validation data.  In particular, the fact to overfit the validation data, called "information leak", is almost never treated in papers proposing deep learning models to predict protein-protein interactions (PPI). In this work, we compare two carefully designed deep learning models and show pitfalls to avoid while predicting PPIs through machine learning methods.	Comparing two deep learning sequence-based models for protein-protein   interaction prediction  Biological data are extremely diverse, complex but also quite sparse. The recent developments in deep learning methods are offering new possibilities for the analysis of complex data. However, it is easy to be get a deep learning model that seems to have good results but is in fact either overfitting the training data or the validation data.  In particular, the fact to overfit the validation data, called "information leak", is almost never treated in papers proposing deep learning models to predict protein-protein interactions (PPI). In this work, we compare two carefully designed deep learning models and show pitfalls to avoid while predicting PPIs through machine learning methods.	236
Is there any intuitive or simple explanation for how attention works in the deep learning model of an LSTM, GRU, or neural network?	 Deep learning approaches have recently achieved wide success in the analysis of medical images, but they lack interpretability in the feature extraction and decision processes. In this work, we propose a new interpretable deep learning model for shape analysis. In particular, we exploit deep generative networks to model a population of anatomical segmentations through a hierarchy of conditional latent variables.  At the highest level of this hierarchy, a two-dimensional latent space is simultaneously optimised to discriminate distinct clinical conditions, enabling the direct visualisation of the classification space. Moreover, the anatomical variability encoded by this discriminative latent space can be visualised in the segmentation space thanks to the generative properties of the model, making the classification task transparent.	 Deep learning approaches have recently achieved wide success in the analysis of medical images, but they lack interpretability in the feature extraction and decision processes. In this work, we propose a new interpretable deep learning model for shape analysis. In particular, we exploit deep generative networks to model a population of anatomical segmentations through a hierarchy of conditional latent variables.  At the highest level of this hierarchy, a two-dimensional latent space is simultaneously optimised to discriminate distinct clinical conditions, enabling the direct visualisation of the classification space. Moreover, the anatomical variability encoded by this discriminative latent space can be visualised in the segmentation space thanks to the generative properties of the model, making the classification task transparent.	242
Why is it a problem to have exploding gradients in a neural net (especially in an RNN)?	 To address these problems, a new type of RNN, referred to as independently recurrent neural network (IndRNN), is proposed in this paper, where neurons in the same layer are independent of each other and they are connected across layers. We have shown that an IndRNN can be easily regulated to prevent the gradient exploding and vanishing problems while allowing the network to learn long-term dependencies.	 To address these problems, a new type of RNN, referred to as independently recurrent neural network (IndRNN), is proposed in this paper, where neurons in the same layer are independent of each other and they are connected across layers. We have shown that an IndRNN can be easily regulated to prevent the gradient exploding and vanishing problems while allowing the network to learn long-term dependencies.	252
Why is it a problem to have exploding gradients in a neural net (especially in an RNN)?	 To address this issue, we present a visual analysis method to explain why adversarial examples are misclassified. The key is to compare and analyze the datapaths of both the adversarial and normal examples. A datapath is a group of critical neurons along with their connections. We formulate the datapath extraction as a subset selection problem and solve it by constructing and training a neural network.  A multi-level visualization consisting of a network-level visualization of data flows, a layer-level visualization of feature maps, and a neuron-level visualization of learned features, has been designed to help investigate how datapaths of adversarial and normal examples diverge and merge in the prediction process. A quantitative evaluation and a case study were conducted to demonstrate the promise of our method to explain the misclassification of adversarial examples.	 To address this issue, we present a visual analysis method to explain why adversarial examples are misclassified. The key is to compare and analyze the datapaths of both the adversarial and normal examples. A datapath is a group of critical neurons along with their connections. We formulate the datapath extraction as a subset selection problem and solve it by constructing and training a neural network.  A multi-level visualization consisting of a network-level visualization of data flows, a layer-level visualization of feature maps, and a neuron-level visualization of learned features, has been designed to help investigate how datapaths of adversarial and normal examples diverge and merge in the prediction process. A quantitative evaluation and a case study were conducted to demonstrate the promise of our method to explain the misclassification of adversarial examples.	281
Why is it a problem to have exploding gradients in a neural net (especially in an RNN)?	On Recurrent Neural Networks for Sequence-based Processing in   Communications  In this work, we analyze the capabilities and practical limitations of neural networks (NNs) for sequence-based signal processing which can be seen as an omnipresent property in almost any modern communication systems. In particular, we train multiple state-of-the-art recurrent neural network (RNN) structures to learn how to decode convolutional codes allowing a clear benchmarking with the corresponding maximum likelihood (ML) Viterbi decoder.  We examine the decoding performance for various kinds of NN architectures, beginning with classical types like feedforward layers and gated recurrent unit (GRU)-layers, up to more recently introduced architectures such as temporal convolutional networks (TCNs) and differentiable neural computers (DNCs) with external memory.	On Recurrent Neural Networks for Sequence-based Processing in   Communications  In this work, we analyze the capabilities and practical limitations of neural networks (NNs) for sequence-based signal processing which can be seen as an omnipresent property in almost any modern communication systems. In particular, we train multiple state-of-the-art recurrent neural network (RNN) structures to learn how to decode convolutional codes allowing a clear benchmarking with the corresponding maximum likelihood (ML) Viterbi decoder.  We examine the decoding performance for various kinds of NN architectures, beginning with classical types like feedforward layers and gated recurrent unit (GRU)-layers, up to more recently introduced architectures such as temporal convolutional networks (TCNs) and differentiable neural computers (DNCs) with external memory.	258
Why is it a problem to have exploding gradients in a neural net (especially in an RNN)?	 vanishing gradients problem. Previous attempts to alleviate this problem resulted either in more complicated, mathematically less tractable RNN architectures, or strongly limited the dynamical expressiveness of the RNN. Here we address this issue by suggesting a simple regularization scheme for vanilla RNNs with ReLU activation which enables them to solve long-range dependency problems and express slow time scales, while retaining a simple mathematical structure which makes their DS properties partly analytically accessible.  We prove two theorems that establish a tight connection between the regularized RNN dynamics and its gradients, illustrate on DS benchmarks that our regularization approach strongly eases the reconstruction of DS which harbor widely differing time scales, and show that our method is also en par with other long-range architectures like LSTMs on several tasks.	 vanishing gradients problem. Previous attempts to alleviate this problem resulted either in more complicated, mathematically less tractable RNN architectures, or strongly limited the dynamical expressiveness of the RNN. Here we address this issue by suggesting a simple regularization scheme for vanilla RNNs with ReLU activation which enables them to solve long-range dependency problems and express slow time scales, while retaining a simple mathematical structure which makes their DS properties partly analytically accessible.  We prove two theorems that establish a tight connection between the regularized RNN dynamics and its gradients, illustrate on DS benchmarks that our regularization approach strongly eases the reconstruction of DS which harbor widely differing time scales, and show that our method is also en par with other long-range architectures like LSTMs on several tasks.	252
Why is it a problem to have exploding gradients in a neural net (especially in an RNN)?	Beyond exploding and vanishing gradients: analysing RNN training using   attractors and smoothness  The exploding and vanishing gradient problem has been the major conceptual principle behind most architecture and training improvements in recurrent neural networks (RNNs) during the last decade. In this paper, we argue that this principle, while powerful, might need some refinement to explain recent developments.  We refine the concept of exploding gradients by reformulating the problem in terms of the cost function smoothness, which gives insight into higher-order derivatives and the existence of regions with many close local minima. We also clarify the distinction between vanishing gradients and the need for the RNN to learn attractors to fully use its expressive power. Through the lens of these refinements, we shed new light on recent developments in the RNN field, namely stable RNN and unitary (or orthogonal) RNNs.	Beyond exploding and vanishing gradients: analysing RNN training using   attractors and smoothness  The exploding and vanishing gradient problem has been the major conceptual principle behind most architecture and training improvements in recurrent neural networks (RNNs) during the last decade. In this paper, we argue that this principle, while powerful, might need some refinement to explain recent developments.  We refine the concept of exploding gradients by reformulating the problem in terms of the cost function smoothness, which gives insight into higher-order derivatives and the existence of regions with many close local minima. We also clarify the distinction between vanishing gradients and the need for the RNN to learn attractors to fully use its expressive power. Through the lens of these refinements, we shed new light on recent developments in the RNN field, namely stable RNN and unitary (or orthogonal) RNNs.	271
For a sequence-to-sequence model in RNN, does the input have to contain only sequences or can it accept contextual information as well?	Survey on the attention based RNN model and its applications in computer   vision  The recurrent neural networks (RNN) can be used to solve the sequence to sequence problem, where both the input and the output have sequential structures. Usually there are some implicit relations between the structures.  However, it is hard for the common RNN model to fully explore the relations between the sequences. In this survey, we introduce some attention based RNN models which can focus on different parts of the input for each output item, in order to explore and take advantage of the implicit relations between the input and the output items. The different attention mechanisms are described in detail. We then introduce some applications in computer vision which apply the attention based RNN models. The superiority of the attention based RNN model is shown by the experimental results. At last some future research directions are given.	Survey on the attention based RNN model and its applications in computer   vision  The recurrent neural networks (RNN) can be used to solve the sequence to sequence problem, where both the input and the output have sequential structures. Usually there are some implicit relations between the structures.  However, it is hard for the common RNN model to fully explore the relations between the sequences. In this survey, we introduce some attention based RNN models which can focus on different parts of the input for each output item, in order to explore and take advantage of the implicit relations between the input and the output items. The different attention mechanisms are described in detail. We then introduce some applications in computer vision which apply the attention based RNN models. The superiority of the attention based RNN model is shown by the experimental results. At last some future research directions are given.	234
For a sequence-to-sequence model in RNN, does the input have to contain only sequences or can it accept contextual information as well?	Sequence Tutor: Conservative Fine-Tuning of Sequence Generation Models   with KL-control  This paper proposes a general method for improving the structure and quality of sequences generated by a recurrent neural network (RNN), while maintaining information originally learned from data, as well as sample diversity.  An RNN is first pre-trained on data using maximum likelihood estimation (MLE), and the probability distribution over the next token in the sequence learned by this model is treated as a prior policy. Another RNN is then trained using reinforcement learning (RL) to generate higher-quality outputs that account for domain-specific incentives while retaining proximity to the prior policy of the MLE RNN.	Sequence Tutor: Conservative Fine-Tuning of Sequence Generation Models   with KL-control  This paper proposes a general method for improving the structure and quality of sequences generated by a recurrent neural network (RNN), while maintaining information originally learned from data, as well as sample diversity.  An RNN is first pre-trained on data using maximum likelihood estimation (MLE), and the probability distribution over the next token in the sequence learned by this model is treated as a prior policy. Another RNN is then trained using reinforcement learning (RL) to generate higher-quality outputs that account for domain-specific incentives while retaining proximity to the prior policy of the MLE RNN.	234
For a sequence-to-sequence model in RNN, does the input have to contain only sequences or can it accept contextual information as well?	Focused Hierarchical RNNs for Conditional Sequence Processing  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) with attention mechanisms have obtained state-of-the-art results for many sequence processing tasks. Most of these models use a simple form of encoder with attention that looks over the entire sequence and assigns a weight to each token independently.  We present a mechanism for focusing RNN encoders for sequence modelling tasks which allows them to attend to key parts of the input as needed. We formulate this using a multi-layer conditional sequence encoder that reads in one token at a time and makes a discrete decision on whether the token is relevant to the context or question being asked.	Focused Hierarchical RNNs for Conditional Sequence Processing  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) with attention mechanisms have obtained state-of-the-art results for many sequence processing tasks. Most of these models use a simple form of encoder with attention that looks over the entire sequence and assigns a weight to each token independently.  We present a mechanism for focusing RNN encoders for sequence modelling tasks which allows them to attend to key parts of the input as needed. We formulate this using a multi-layer conditional sequence encoder that reads in one token at a time and makes a discrete decision on whether the token is relevant to the context or question being asked.	256
For a sequence-to-sequence model in RNN, does the input have to contain only sequences or can it accept contextual information as well?	 Representing the hidden layers of an RNN with more expressive operations (i.e., tensor products) helps it learn a more complex relationship between the current input and the previous hidden layer information. These ideas can generally improve RNN performances. In this paper, we proposed a novel RNN architecture that combine the concepts of gating mechanism and the tensor product into a single model.  By combining these two concepts into a single RNN, our proposed models learn long-term dependencies by modeling with gating units and obtain more expressive and direct interaction between input and hidden layers using a tensor product on 3-dimensional array (tensor) weight parameters. We use Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) RNN and Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) RNN and combine them with a tensor product inside their formulations.	 Representing the hidden layers of an RNN with more expressive operations (i.e., tensor products) helps it learn a more complex relationship between the current input and the previous hidden layer information. These ideas can generally improve RNN performances. In this paper, we proposed a novel RNN architecture that combine the concepts of gating mechanism and the tensor product into a single model.  By combining these two concepts into a single RNN, our proposed models learn long-term dependencies by modeling with gating units and obtain more expressive and direct interaction between input and hidden layers using a tensor product on 3-dimensional array (tensor) weight parameters. We use Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) RNN and Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) RNN and combine them with a tensor product inside their formulations.	250
For a sequence-to-sequence model in RNN, does the input have to contain only sequences or can it accept contextual information as well?	Input-Output Equivalence of Unitary and Contractive RNNs  Unitary recurrent neural networks (URNNs) have been proposed as a method to overcome the vanishing and exploding gradient problem in modeling data with long-term dependencies. A basic question is how restrictive is the unitary constraint on the possible input-output mappings of such a network?  This work shows that for any contractive RNN with ReLU activations, there is a URNN with at most twice the number of hidden states and the identical input-output mapping. Hence, with ReLU activations, URNNs are as expressive as general RNNs. In contrast, for certain smooth activations, it is shown that the input-output mapping of an RNN cannot be matched with a URNN, even with an arbitrary number of states. The theoretical results are supported by experiments on modeling of slowly-varying dynamical systems.	 This work shows that for any contractive RNN with ReLU activations, there is a URNN with at most twice the number of hidden states and the identical input-output mapping. Hence, with ReLU activations, URNNs are as expressive as general RNNs. In contrast, for certain smooth activations, it is shown that the input-output mapping of an RNN cannot be matched with a URNN, even with an arbitrary number of states. The theoretical results are supported by experiments on modeling of slowly-varying dynamical systems.	238
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	 We discuss a range of copyright detection systems, and why they are particularly vulnerable to attacks. These vulnerabilities are especially apparent for neural network based systems. As a proof of concept, we describe a well-known music identification method, and implement this system in the form of a neural net.  We then attack this system using simple gradient methods. Adversarial music created this way successfully fools industrial systems, including the AudioTag copyright detector and YouTube's Content ID system. Our goal is to raise awareness of the threats posed by adversarial examples in this space, and to highlight the importance of hardening copyright detection systems to attacks.	 We discuss a range of copyright detection systems, and why they are particularly vulnerable to attacks. These vulnerabilities are especially apparent for neural network based systems. As a proof of concept, we describe a well-known music identification method, and implement this system in the form of a neural net.  We then attack this system using simple gradient methods. Adversarial music created this way successfully fools industrial systems, including the AudioTag copyright detector and YouTube's Content ID system. Our goal is to raise awareness of the threats posed by adversarial examples in this space, and to highlight the importance of hardening copyright detection systems to attacks.	276
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	Adaptive Network Sparsification with Dependent Variational   Beta-Bernoulli Dropout  While variational dropout approaches have been shown to be effective for network sparsification, they are still suboptimal in the sense that they set the dropout rate for each neuron without consideration of the input data.  With such input-independent dropout, each neuron is evolved to be generic across inputs, which makes it difficult to sparsify networks without accuracy loss. To overcome this limitation, we propose adaptive variational dropout whose probabilities are drawn from sparsity-inducing beta Bernoulli prior.	Adaptive Network Sparsification with Dependent Variational   Beta-Bernoulli Dropout  While variational dropout approaches have been shown to be effective for network sparsification, they are still suboptimal in the sense that they set the dropout rate for each neuron without consideration of the input data.  With such input-independent dropout, each neuron is evolved to be generic across inputs, which makes it difficult to sparsify networks without accuracy loss. To overcome this limitation, we propose adaptive variational dropout whose probabilities are drawn from sparsity-inducing beta Bernoulli prior.	254
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	Adversarial Sample Detection for Deep Neural Network through Model   Mutation Testing  Deep neural networks (DNN) have been shown to be useful in a wide range of applications. However, they are also known to be vulnerable to adversarial samples. By transforming a normal sample with some carefully crafted human imperceptible perturbations, even highly accurate DNN make wrong decisions.  Multiple defense mechanisms have been proposed which aim to hinder the generation of such adversarial samples. However, a recent work show that most of them are ineffective. In this work, we propose an alternative approach to detect adversarial samples at runtime. Our main observation is that adversarial samples are much more sensitive than normal samples if we impose random mutations on the DNN.	Adversarial Sample Detection for Deep Neural Network through Model   Mutation Testing  Deep neural networks (DNN) have been shown to be useful in a wide range of applications. However, they are also known to be vulnerable to adversarial samples. By transforming a normal sample with some carefully crafted human imperceptible perturbations, even highly accurate DNN make wrong decisions.  Multiple defense mechanisms have been proposed which aim to hinder the generation of such adversarial samples. However, a recent work show that most of them are ineffective. In this work, we propose an alternative approach to detect adversarial samples at runtime. Our main observation is that adversarial samples are much more sensitive than normal samples if we impose random mutations on the DNN.	271
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	 We treat each individual layer of the DNN as a nonlinear dynamical system and use Lyapunov theory to prove stability and robustness locally. We then proceed to prove stability and robustness globally for the entire DNN. We develop empirically tight bounds on the response of the output layer, or any hidden layer, to adversarial perturbations added to the input, or the input of hidden layers.  Recent works have proposed spectral norm regularization as a solution for improving robustness against l2 adversarial attacks. Our results give new insights into how spectral norm regularization can mitigate the adversarial effects. Finally, we evaluate the power of our approach on a variety of data sets and network architectures and against some of the well-known adversarial attacks.	 Recent works have proposed spectral norm regularization as a solution for improving robustness against l2 adversarial attacks. Our results give new insights into how spectral norm regularization can mitigate the adversarial effects. Finally, we evaluate the power of our approach on a variety of data sets and network architectures and against some of the well-known adversarial attacks.	273
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	PuVAE: A Variational Autoencoder to Purify Adversarial Examples  Deep neural networks are widely used and exhibit excellent performance in many areas. However, they are vulnerable to adversarial attacks that compromise the network at the inference time by applying elaborately designed perturbation to input data.  Although several defense methods have been proposed to address specific attacks, other attack methods can circumvent these defense mechanisms. Therefore, we propose Purifying Variational Autoencoder (PuVAE), a method to purify adversarial examples. The proposed method eliminates an adversarial perturbation by projecting an adversarial example on the manifold of each class, and determines the closest projection as a purified sample.	PuVAE: A Variational Autoencoder to Purify Adversarial Examples  Deep neural networks are widely used and exhibit excellent performance in many areas. However, they are vulnerable to adversarial attacks that compromise the network at the inference time by applying elaborately designed perturbation to input data.  Although several defense methods have been proposed to address specific attacks, other attack methods can circumvent these defense mechanisms. Therefore, we propose Purifying Variational Autoencoder (PuVAE), a method to purify adversarial examples. The proposed method eliminates an adversarial perturbation by projecting an adversarial example on the manifold of each class, and determines the closest projection as a purified sample.	276
What is the difference between states and outputs in LSTM?	Provably efficient RL with Rich Observations via Latent State Decoding  We study the exploration problem in episodic MDPs with rich observations generated from a small number of latent states. Under certain identifiability assumptions, we demonstrate how to estimate a mapping from the observations to latent states inductively through a sequence of regression and clustering steps -- where previously decoded latent states provide labels for later regression problems -- and use it to construct good exploration policies.  We provide finite-sample guarantees on the quality of the learned state decoding function and exploration policies, and complement our theory with an empirical evaluation on a class of hard exploration problems. Our method exponentially improves over $Q$-learning with na\"ive exploration, even when $Q$-learning has cheating access to latent states.	Provably efficient RL with Rich Observations via Latent State Decoding  We study the exploration problem in episodic MDPs with rich observations generated from a small number of latent states. Under certain identifiability assumptions, we demonstrate how to estimate a mapping from the observations to latent states inductively through a sequence of regression and clustering steps -- where previously decoded latent states provide labels for later regression problems -- and use it to construct good exploration policies.  We provide finite-sample guarantees on the quality of the learned state decoding function and exploration policies, and complement our theory with an empirical evaluation on a class of hard exploration problems. Our method exponentially improves over $Q$-learning with na\"ive exploration, even when $Q$-learning has cheating access to latent states.	431
What is the difference between states and outputs in LSTM?	 We find that autoencoders are much more robust to the attack than classifiers: while some examples have tolerably small input distortion, and reasonable similarity to the target image, there is a quasi-linear trade-off between those aims. We report results on MNIST and SVHN datasets, and also test regular deterministic autoencoders, reaching similar conclusions in all cases.  Finally, we show that the usual adversarial attack for classifiers, while being much easier, also presents a direct proportion between distortion on the input, and misdirection on the output. That proportionality however is hidden by the normalization of the output, which maps a linear layer into non-linear probabilities.	 Finally, we show that the usual adversarial attack for classifiers, while being much easier, also presents a direct proportion between distortion on the input, and misdirection on the output. That proportionality however is hidden by the normalization of the output, which maps a linear layer into non-linear probabilities.	449
What is the difference between states and outputs in LSTM?	Off-Policy Policy Gradient with State Distribution Correction  We study the problem of off-policy policy optimization in Markov decision processes, and develop a novel off-policy policy gradient method. Prior off-policy policy gradient approaches have generally ignored the mismatch between the distribution of states visited under the behavior policy used to collect data, and what would be the distribution of states under the learned policy.	Off-Policy Policy Gradient with State Distribution Correction  We study the problem of off-policy policy optimization in Markov decision processes, and develop a novel off-policy policy gradient method. Prior off-policy policy gradient approaches have generally ignored the mismatch between the distribution of states visited under the behavior policy used to collect data, and what would be the distribution of states under the learned policy.	393
What is the difference between states and outputs in LSTM?	A Reparameterization-Invariant Flatness Measure for Deep Neural Networks  The performance of deep neural networks is often attributed to their automated, task-related feature construction. It remains an open question, though, why this leads to solutions with good generalization, even in cases where the number of parameters is larger than the number of samples.  Back in the 90s, Hochreiter and Schmidhuber observed that flatness of the loss surface around a local minimum correlates with low generalization error. For several flatness measures, this correlation has been empirically validated. However, it has recently been shown that existing measures of flatness cannot theoretically be related to generalization due to a lack of invariance with respect to reparameterizations. We propose a natural modification of existing flatness measures that results in invariance to reparameterization.	 Back in the 90s, Hochreiter and Schmidhuber observed that flatness of the loss surface around a local minimum correlates with low generalization error. For several flatness measures, this correlation has been empirically validated. However, it has recently been shown that existing measures of flatness cannot theoretically be related to generalization due to a lack of invariance with respect to reparameterizations. We propose a natural modification of existing flatness measures that results in invariance to reparameterization.	443
What is the difference between states and outputs in LSTM?	 Most of the existing work has been done under the assumption that the data is sampled from a manifold without boundary or that the functions of interests are evaluated at a point away from the boundary. However, the question of boundary behavior is of considerable practical and theoretical interest.  In this paper we provide an analysis of the behavior of graph Laplacians at a point near or on the boundary, discuss their convergence rates and their implications and provide some numerical results. It turns out that while points near the boundary occupy only a small part of the total volume of a manifold, the behavior of graph Laplacian there has different scaling properties from its behavior elsewhere on the manifold, with global effects on the whole manifold, an observation with potentially important implications for the general problem of learning on manifolds.	 Most of the existing work has been done under the assumption that the data is sampled from a manifold without boundary or that the functions of interests are evaluated at a point away from the boundary. However, the question of boundary behavior is of considerable practical and theoretical interest.  In this paper we provide an analysis of the behavior of graph Laplacians at a point near or on the boundary, discuss their convergence rates and their implications and provide some numerical results. It turns out that while points near the boundary occupy only a small part of the total volume of a manifold, the behavior of graph Laplacian there has different scaling properties from its behavior elsewhere on the manifold, with global effects on the whole manifold, an observation with potentially important implications for the general problem of learning on manifolds.	438
What is the advantage of combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?	 However, unlike RNN, the native CNN lacks the history sensitivity required for sequence transformation; therefore enhancing the sequential order awareness, or position-sensitivity, becomes the key to make CNN the general deep learning model. In this work we introduce an extended CNN model with strengthen position-sensitivity, called PoseNet.  A notable feature of PoseNet is the asymmetric treatment of position information in the encoder and the decoder. Experiments shows that PoseNet allows us to improve the accuracy of CNN based sequence-to-sequence learning significantly, achieving around 33-36 BLEU scores on the WMT 2014 English-to-German translation task, and around 44-46 BLEU scores on the English-to-French translation task.	 However, unlike RNN, the native CNN lacks the history sensitivity required for sequence transformation; therefore enhancing the sequential order awareness, or position-sensitivity, becomes the key to make CNN the general deep learning model. In this work we introduce an extended CNN model with strengthen position-sensitivity, called PoseNet.  A notable feature of PoseNet is the asymmetric treatment of position information in the encoder and the decoder. Experiments shows that PoseNet allows us to improve the accuracy of CNN based sequence-to-sequence learning significantly, achieving around 33-36 BLEU scores on the WMT 2014 English-to-German translation task, and around 44-46 BLEU scores on the English-to-French translation task.	292
What is the advantage of combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?	How Many Samples are Needed to Estimate a Convolutional or Recurrent   Neural Network?  It is widely believed that the practical success of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) owes to the fact that CNNs and RNNs use a more compact parametric representation than their Fully-Connected Neural Network (FNN) counterparts, and consequently require fewer training examples to accurately estimate their parameters.	How Many Samples are Needed to Estimate a Convolutional or Recurrent   Neural Network?  It is widely believed that the practical success of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) owes to the fact that CNNs and RNNs use a more compact parametric representation than their Fully-Connected Neural Network (FNN) counterparts, and consequently require fewer training examples to accurately estimate their parameters.	293
What is the advantage of combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?	 In addition, the ENN does not require the calculation of gradients, which enables the use of complicated neuron models and loss functions in neural networks. We experimentally demonstrate benefits of the proposed model, in particular showing that the ENN performs much better than the traditional Bayesian neural networks (BNN).  The EnRML in ENN is a substitution of gradient-based optimization algorithms, which means that it can be directly combined with the feed-forward process in other existing (deep) neural networks, such as convolutional neural networks (CNN) and recurrent neural networks (RNN), broadening future applications of the ENN.	 The EnRML in ENN is a substitution of gradient-based optimization algorithms, which means that it can be directly combined with the feed-forward process in other existing (deep) neural networks, such as convolutional neural networks (CNN) and recurrent neural networks (RNN), broadening future applications of the ENN.	275
What is the advantage of combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?	Generative Adversarial Network for Handwritten Text  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have proven hugely successful in variety of applications of image processing. However, generative adversarial networks for handwriting is relatively rare somehow because of difficulty of handling sequential handwriting data by Convolutional Neural Network (CNN).	Generative Adversarial Network for Handwritten Text  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have proven hugely successful in variety of applications of image processing. However, generative adversarial networks for handwriting is relatively rare somehow because of difficulty of handling sequential handwriting data by Convolutional Neural Network (CNN).	286
What is the advantage of combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)?	 In addition, we propose to use the convolutional recurrent neural network (CRNN)---a combination of the CNN and the RNN---to learn local and contextual information in CSI for user authentication. To effectively train these DNNs, one needs a large amount of labeled channel records. However, it is often expensive to label large channel observations in the presence of a spoofer.  In view of this, we further study a case in which only a small part of the the channel observations are labeled. To handle it, we extend these DNNs-enabled approaches into semi-supervised ones. This extension is based on a semi-supervised learning technique that employs both the labeled and unlabeled data to train a DNN.	 In addition, we propose to use the convolutional recurrent neural network (CRNN)---a combination of the CNN and the RNN---to learn local and contextual information in CSI for user authentication. To effectively train these DNNs, one needs a large amount of labeled channel records. However, it is often expensive to label large channel observations in the presence of a spoofer.  In view of this, we further study a case in which only a small part of the the channel observations are labeled. To handle it, we extend these DNNs-enabled approaches into semi-supervised ones. This extension is based on a semi-supervised learning technique that employs both the labeled and unlabeled data to train a DNN.	290
Which is better for text classification: CNN or RNN?	 However, unlike RNN, the native CNN lacks the history sensitivity required for sequence transformation; therefore enhancing the sequential order awareness, or position-sensitivity, becomes the key to make CNN the general deep learning model. In this work we introduce an extended CNN model with strengthen position-sensitivity, called PoseNet.  A notable feature of PoseNet is the asymmetric treatment of position information in the encoder and the decoder. Experiments shows that PoseNet allows us to improve the accuracy of CNN based sequence-to-sequence learning significantly, achieving around 33-36 BLEU scores on the WMT 2014 English-to-German translation task, and around 44-46 BLEU scores on the English-to-French translation task.	 However, unlike RNN, the native CNN lacks the history sensitivity required for sequence transformation; therefore enhancing the sequential order awareness, or position-sensitivity, becomes the key to make CNN the general deep learning model. In this work we introduce an extended CNN model with strengthen position-sensitivity, called PoseNet.  A notable feature of PoseNet is the asymmetric treatment of position information in the encoder and the decoder. Experiments shows that PoseNet allows us to improve the accuracy of CNN based sequence-to-sequence learning significantly, achieving around 33-36 BLEU scores on the WMT 2014 English-to-German translation task, and around 44-46 BLEU scores on the English-to-French translation task.	335
Which is better for text classification: CNN or RNN?	 We compare our identification system based on CNN features with two baseline systems, one that employs handcrafted features and another that employs recurrent neural network (RNN) features. All systems are based on the same classifier, namely SVM. To pre-train the CNN and the RNN models for multi-class user classification, we use a different set of users than the set used for few-shot user identification, ensuring a realistic scenario.  The empirical results demonstrate that our CNN model yields a top accuracy of 89.75% in multi-class user classification and a top accuracy of 96.72% in few-shot user identification. In conclusion, we believe that our system is ready for practical use, having a better generalization capacity than both baselines.	 We compare our identification system based on CNN features with two baseline systems, one that employs handcrafted features and another that employs recurrent neural network (RNN) features. All systems are based on the same classifier, namely SVM. To pre-train the CNN and the RNN models for multi-class user classification, we use a different set of users than the set used for few-shot user identification, ensuring a realistic scenario.  The empirical results demonstrate that our CNN model yields a top accuracy of 89.75% in multi-class user classification and a top accuracy of 96.72% in few-shot user identification. In conclusion, we believe that our system is ready for practical use, having a better generalization capacity than both baselines.	352
Which is better for text classification: CNN or RNN?	 On TIMIT phoneme recognition task, we study different ANN architectures to show the benefit of CNNs and compare the proposed approach against conventional approach where, spectral-based feature MFCC is extracted and modeled by a multilayer perceptron. Our studies show that the proposed approach can yield comparable or better phoneme recognition performance when compared to the conventional approach. It indicates that CNNs can learn features relevant for phoneme classification automatically from the raw speech signal.	 On TIMIT phoneme recognition task, we study different ANN architectures to show the benefit of CNNs and compare the proposed approach against conventional approach where, spectral-based feature MFCC is extracted and modeled by a multilayer perceptron. Our studies show that the proposed approach can yield comparable or better phoneme recognition performance when compared to the conventional approach. It indicates that CNNs can learn features relevant for phoneme classification automatically from the raw speech signal.	343
Which is better for text classification: CNN or RNN?	 The conditional entropy (CENT) H(Y |C,F) is shown in theory and experiments to be a highly compact and class-informative code, that can be computed from the filter outputs throughout an existing CNN and used to obtain higher classification results than the original CNN itself. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of CENT feature analysis in two separate CNN classification contexts.  1) In the classification of neurodegeneration due to Alzheimer's disease (AD) and natural aging from 3D magnetic resonance image (MRI) volumes, 3 CENT features result in an AUC=94.6% for whole-brain AD classification, the highest reported accuracy on the public OASIS dataset used and 12% higher than the softmax output of the original CNN trained for the task.	 The conditional entropy (CENT) H(Y |C,F) is shown in theory and experiments to be a highly compact and class-informative code, that can be computed from the filter outputs throughout an existing CNN and used to obtain higher classification results than the original CNN itself. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of CENT feature analysis in two separate CNN classification contexts.  1) In the classification of neurodegeneration due to Alzheimer's disease (AD) and natural aging from 3D magnetic resonance image (MRI) volumes, 3 CENT features result in an AUC=94.6% for whole-brain AD classification, the highest reported accuracy on the public OASIS dataset used and 12% higher than the softmax output of the original CNN trained for the task.	349
Which is better for text classification: CNN or RNN?	 In addition, we propose to use the convolutional recurrent neural network (CRNN)---a combination of the CNN and the RNN---to learn local and contextual information in CSI for user authentication. To effectively train these DNNs, one needs a large amount of labeled channel records. However, it is often expensive to label large channel observations in the presence of a spoofer.  In view of this, we further study a case in which only a small part of the the channel observations are labeled. To handle it, we extend these DNNs-enabled approaches into semi-supervised ones. This extension is based on a semi-supervised learning technique that employs both the labeled and unlabeled data to train a DNN.	 In addition, we propose to use the convolutional recurrent neural network (CRNN)---a combination of the CNN and the RNN---to learn local and contextual information in CSI for user authentication. To effectively train these DNNs, one needs a large amount of labeled channel records. However, it is often expensive to label large channel observations in the presence of a spoofer.  In view of this, we further study a case in which only a small part of the the channel observations are labeled. To handle it, we extend these DNNs-enabled approaches into semi-supervised ones. This extension is based on a semi-supervised learning technique that employs both the labeled and unlabeled data to train a DNN.	349
How are recurrent neural networks different from convolutional neural networks?	Internal representation dynamics and geometry in recurrent neural   networks  The efficiency of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) in dealing with sequential data has long been established. However, unlike deep, and convolution networks where we can attribute the recognition of a certain feature to every layer, it is unclear what "sub-task" a single recurrent step or layer accomplishes.  Our work seeks to shed light onto how a vanilla RNN implements a simple classification task by analysing the dynamics of the network and the geometric properties of its hidden states. We find that early internal representations are evocative of the real labels of the data but this information is not directly accessible to the output layer. Furthermore the network's dynamics and the sequence length are both critical to correct classifications even when there is no additional task relevant information provided.	Internal representation dynamics and geometry in recurrent neural   networks  The efficiency of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) in dealing with sequential data has long been established. However, unlike deep, and convolution networks where we can attribute the recognition of a certain feature to every layer, it is unclear what "sub-task" a single recurrent step or layer accomplishes.  Our work seeks to shed light onto how a vanilla RNN implements a simple classification task by analysing the dynamics of the network and the geometric properties of its hidden states. We find that early internal representations are evocative of the real labels of the data but this information is not directly accessible to the output layer. Furthermore the network's dynamics and the sequence length are both critical to correct classifications even when there is no additional task relevant information provided.	283
How are recurrent neural networks different from convolutional neural networks?	Differentiable Learning-to-Group Channels via Groupable Convolutional   Neural Networks  Group convolution, which divides the channels of ConvNets into groups, has achieved impressive improvement over the regular convolution operation. However, existing models, eg. ResNeXt, still suffers from the sub-optimal performance due to manually defining the number of groups as a constant over all of the layers.  Toward addressing this issue, we present Groupable ConvNet (GroupNet) built by using a novel dynamic grouping convolution (DGConv) operation, which is able to learn the number of groups in an end-to-end manner. The proposed approach has several appealing benefits. (1) DGConv provides a unified convolution representation and covers many existing convolution operations such as regular dense convolution, group convolution, and depthwise convolution.	Differentiable Learning-to-Group Channels via Groupable Convolutional   Neural Networks  Group convolution, which divides the channels of ConvNets into groups, has achieved impressive improvement over the regular convolution operation. However, existing models, eg. ResNeXt, still suffers from the sub-optimal performance due to manually defining the number of groups as a constant over all of the layers.  Toward addressing this issue, we present Groupable ConvNet (GroupNet) built by using a novel dynamic grouping convolution (DGConv) operation, which is able to learn the number of groups in an end-to-end manner. The proposed approach has several appealing benefits. (1) DGConv provides a unified convolution representation and covers many existing convolution operations such as regular dense convolution, group convolution, and depthwise convolution.	275
How are recurrent neural networks different from convolutional neural networks?	RecNets: Channel-wise Recurrent Convolutional Neural Networks  In this paper, we introduce Channel-wise recurrent convolutional neural networks (RecNets), a family of novel, compact neural network architectures for computer vision tasks inspired by recurrent neural networks (RNNs). RecNets build upon Channel-wise recurrent convolutional (CRC) layers, a novel type of convolutional layer that splits the input channels into disjoint segments and processes them in a recurrent fashion.  In this way, we simulate wide, yet compact models, since the number of parameters is vastly reduced via the parameter sharing of the RNN formulation. Experimental results on the CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 image classification tasks demonstrate the superior size-accuracy trade-off of RecNets compared to other compact state-of-the-art architectures.	RecNets: Channel-wise Recurrent Convolutional Neural Networks  In this paper, we introduce Channel-wise recurrent convolutional neural networks (RecNets), a family of novel, compact neural network architectures for computer vision tasks inspired by recurrent neural networks (RNNs). RecNets build upon Channel-wise recurrent convolutional (CRC) layers, a novel type of convolutional layer that splits the input channels into disjoint segments and processes them in a recurrent fashion.  In this way, we simulate wide, yet compact models, since the number of parameters is vastly reduced via the parameter sharing of the RNN formulation. Experimental results on the CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 image classification tasks demonstrate the superior size-accuracy trade-off of RecNets compared to other compact state-of-the-art architectures.	277
How are recurrent neural networks different from convolutional neural networks?	Qualitatively characterizing neural network optimization problems  Training neural networks involves solving large-scale non-convex optimization problems. This task has long been believed to be extremely difficult, with fear of local minima and other obstacles motivating a variety of schemes to improve optimization, such as unsupervised pretraining.  However, modern neural networks are able to achieve negligible training error on complex tasks, using only direct training with stochastic gradient descent. We introduce a simple analysis technique to look for evidence that such networks are overcoming local optima. We find that, in fact, on a straight path from initialization to solution, a variety of state of the art neural networks never encounter any significant obstacles.	 However, modern neural networks are able to achieve negligible training error on complex tasks, using only direct training with stochastic gradient descent. We introduce a simple analysis technique to look for evidence that such networks are overcoming local optima. We find that, in fact, on a straight path from initialization to solution, a variety of state of the art neural networks never encounter any significant obstacles.	277
How are recurrent neural networks different from convolutional neural networks?	Insights on representational similarity in neural networks with   canonical correlation  Comparing different neural network representations and determining how representations evolve over time remain challenging open questions in our understanding of the function of neural networks. Comparing representations in neural networks is fundamentally difficult as the structure of representations varies greatly, even across groups of networks trained on identical tasks, and over the course of training.	Insights on representational similarity in neural networks with   canonical correlation  Comparing different neural network representations and determining how representations evolve over time remain challenging open questions in our understanding of the function of neural networks. Comparing representations in neural networks is fundamentally difficult as the structure of representations varies greatly, even across groups of networks trained on identical tasks, and over the course of training.	278
As a beginner in Natural Language processing, from where should I start?	BERT has a Mouth, and It Must Speak: BERT as a Markov Random Field   Language Model  We show that BERT (Devlin et al., 2018) is a Markov random field language model. This formulation gives way to a natural procedure to sample sentences from BERT. We generate from BERT and find that it can produce high-quality, fluent generations. Compared to the generations of a traditional left-to-right language model, BERT generates sentences that are more diverse but of slightly worse quality.	BERT has a Mouth, and It Must Speak: BERT as a Markov Random Field   Language Model  We show that BERT (Devlin et al., 2018) is a Markov random field language model. This formulation gives way to a natural procedure to sample sentences from BERT. We generate from BERT and find that it can produce high-quality, fluent generations. Compared to the generations of a traditional left-to-right language model, BERT generates sentences that are more diverse but of slightly worse quality.	400
As a beginner in Natural Language processing, from where should I start?	Rationalization: A Neural Machine Translation Approach to Generating   Natural Language Explanations  We introduce AI rationalization, an approach for generating explanations of autonomous system behavior as if a human had performed the behavior. We describe a rationalization technique that uses neural machine translation to translate internal state-action representations of an autonomous agent into natural language.	Rationalization: A Neural Machine Translation Approach to Generating   Natural Language Explanations  We introduce AI rationalization, an approach for generating explanations of autonomous system behavior as if a human had performed the behavior. We describe a rationalization technique that uses neural machine translation to translate internal state-action representations of an autonomous agent into natural language.	386
As a beginner in Natural Language processing, from where should I start?	 As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.  I further suggest an alternative approach for future research which focuses on reflexivity, rather than compositionality, as a target for explaining how simple communication systems may become more like natural language. I end by providing some reference to the language origins literature that may be of some use to researchers in machine learning.	 I further suggest an alternative approach for future research which focuses on reflexivity, rather than compositionality, as a target for explaining how simple communication systems may become more like natural language. I end by providing some reference to the language origins literature that may be of some use to researchers in machine learning.	409
As a beginner in Natural Language processing, from where should I start?	TinyBERT: Distilling BERT for Natural Language Understanding  Language model pre-training, such as BERT, has significantly improved the performances of many natural language processing tasks. However, pre-trained language models are usually computationally expensive, so it is difficult to efficiently execute them on resource-restricted devices.  To accelerate inference and reduce model size while maintaining accuracy, we first propose a novel Transformer distillation method that is specially designed for knowledge distillation (KD) of the Transformer-based models. By leveraging this new KD method, the plenty of knowledge encoded in a large teacher BERT can be effectively transferred to a small student Tiny-BERT.	TinyBERT: Distilling BERT for Natural Language Understanding  Language model pre-training, such as BERT, has significantly improved the performances of many natural language processing tasks. However, pre-trained language models are usually computationally expensive, so it is difficult to efficiently execute them on resource-restricted devices.  To accelerate inference and reduce model size while maintaining accuracy, we first propose a novel Transformer distillation method that is specially designed for knowledge distillation (KD) of the Transformer-based models. By leveraging this new KD method, the plenty of knowledge encoded in a large teacher BERT can be effectively transferred to a small student Tiny-BERT.	381
As a beginner in Natural Language processing, from where should I start?	Distilling Knowledge Learned in BERT for Text Generation  Large-scale pre-trained language model such as BERT has achieved great success in language understanding tasks. However, it remains an open question how to utilize BERT for language generation. In this paper, we present a novel approach, Conditional Masked Language Modeling (C-MLM), to enable the finetuning of BERT on target generation tasks.  The finetuned BERT (teacher) is exploited as extra supervision to improve conventional Seq2Seq models (student) for better text generation performance. By leveraging BERT's idiosyncratic bidirectional nature, distilling knowledge learned in BERT can encourage auto-regressive Seq2Seq models to plan ahead, imposing global sequence-level supervision for coherent text generation.	Distilling Knowledge Learned in BERT for Text Generation  Large-scale pre-trained language model such as BERT has achieved great success in language understanding tasks. However, it remains an open question how to utilize BERT for language generation. In this paper, we present a novel approach, Conditional Masked Language Modeling (C-MLM), to enable the finetuning of BERT on target generation tasks.  The finetuned BERT (teacher) is exploited as extra supervision to improve conventional Seq2Seq models (student) for better text generation performance. By leveraging BERT's idiosyncratic bidirectional nature, distilling knowledge learned in BERT can encourage auto-regressive Seq2Seq models to plan ahead, imposing global sequence-level supervision for coherent text generation.	413
What is the relation between sentiment analysis, natural language processing and machine learning?	 Specifically, we consider a stochastic dynamics in a group in which every individual selects an option in the following two-step process: (1) select a random individual and observe the option that individual chose in the previous time step, and (2) adopt that option if its stochastic quality was good at that time step.  Various instantiations of such distributed learning appear in nature, and have also been studied in the social science literature. From the perspective of an individual, an attractive feature of this learning process is that it is a simple heuristic that requires extremely limited computational capacities.  But what does it mean for the group -- could such a simple, distributed and essentially memoryless process lead the group as a whole to perform optimally? We show that the answer to this question is yes -- this distributed learning is highly effective at identifying the best option and is close to optimal for the group overall.	 Various instantiations of such distributed learning appear in nature, and have also been studied in the social science literature. From the perspective of an individual, an attractive feature of this learning process is that it is a simple heuristic that requires extremely limited computational capacities.	272
What is the relation between sentiment analysis, natural language processing and machine learning?	On the interaction between supervision and self-play in emergent   communication  A promising approach for teaching artificial agents to use natural language involves using human-in-the-loop training. However, recent work suggests that current machine learning methods are too data inefficient to be trained in this way from scratch.  In this paper, we investigate the relationship between two categories of learning signals with the ultimate goal of improving sample efficiency: imitating human language data via supervised learning, and maximizing reward in a simulated multi-agent environment via self-play (as done in emergent communication), and introduce the term supervised self-play (S2P) for algorithms using both of these signals.	On the interaction between supervision and self-play in emergent   communication  A promising approach for teaching artificial agents to use natural language involves using human-in-the-loop training. However, recent work suggests that current machine learning methods are too data inefficient to be trained in this way from scratch.  In this paper, we investigate the relationship between two categories of learning signals with the ultimate goal of improving sample efficiency: imitating human language data via supervised learning, and maximizing reward in a simulated multi-agent environment via self-play (as done in emergent communication), and introduce the term supervised self-play (S2P) for algorithms using both of these signals.	271
What is the relation between sentiment analysis, natural language processing and machine learning?	Theoretical and Experimental Analysis on the Generalizability of   Distribution Regression Network  There is emerging interest in performing regression between distributions. In contrast to prediction on single instances, these machine learning methods can be useful for population-based studies or on problems that are inherently statistical in nature.  The recently proposed distribution regression network (DRN) has shown superior performance for the distribution-to-distribution regression task compared to conventional neural networks. However, in Kou et al. (2018) and some other works on distribution regression, there is a lack of comprehensive comparative study on both theoretical basis and generalization abilities of the methods.	Theoretical and Experimental Analysis on the Generalizability of   Distribution Regression Network  There is emerging interest in performing regression between distributions. In contrast to prediction on single instances, these machine learning methods can be useful for population-based studies or on problems that are inherently statistical in nature.  The recently proposed distribution regression network (DRN) has shown superior performance for the distribution-to-distribution regression task compared to conventional neural networks. However, in Kou et al. (2018) and some other works on distribution regression, there is a lack of comprehensive comparative study on both theoretical basis and generalization abilities of the methods.	248
What is the relation between sentiment analysis, natural language processing and machine learning?	Speeding up Context-based Sentence Representation Learning with   Non-autoregressive Convolutional Decoding  Context plays an important role in human language understanding, thus it may also be useful for machines learning vector representations of language. In this paper, we explore an asymmetric encoder-decoder structure for unsupervised context-based sentence representation learning.	Speeding up Context-based Sentence Representation Learning with   Non-autoregressive Convolutional Decoding  Context plays an important role in human language understanding, thus it may also be useful for machines learning vector representations of language. In this paper, we explore an asymmetric encoder-decoder structure for unsupervised context-based sentence representation learning.	272
What is the relation between sentiment analysis, natural language processing and machine learning?	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	250
What is the current state of the art in natural language processing?	XNLI: Evaluating Cross-lingual Sentence Representations  State-of-the-art natural language processing systems rely on supervision in the form of annotated data to learn competent models. These models are generally trained on data in a single language (usually English), and cannot be directly used beyond that language.  Since collecting data in every language is not realistic, there has been a growing interest in cross-lingual language understanding (XLU) and low-resource cross-language transfer. In this work, we construct an evaluation set for XLU by extending the development and test sets of the Multi-Genre Natural Language Inference Corpus (MultiNLI) to 15 languages, including low-resource languages such as Swahili and Urdu.	XNLI: Evaluating Cross-lingual Sentence Representations  State-of-the-art natural language processing systems rely on supervision in the form of annotated data to learn competent models. These models are generally trained on data in a single language (usually English), and cannot be directly used beyond that language.  Since collecting data in every language is not realistic, there has been a growing interest in cross-lingual language understanding (XLU) and low-resource cross-language transfer. In this work, we construct an evaluation set for XLU by extending the development and test sets of the Multi-Genre Natural Language Inference Corpus (MultiNLI) to 15 languages, including low-resource languages such as Swahili and Urdu.	425
What is the current state of the art in natural language processing?	Long-Short Range Context Neural Networks for Language Modeling  The goal of language modeling techniques is to capture the statistical and structural properties of natural languages from training corpora. This task typically involves the learning of short range dependencies, which generally model the syntactic properties of a language and/or long range dependencies, which are semantic in nature.  We propose in this paper a new multi-span architecture, which separately models the short and long context information while it dynamically merges them to perform the language modeling task. This is done through a novel recurrent Long-Short Range Context (LSRC) network, which explicitly models the local (short) and global (long) context using two separate hidden states that evolve in time.	Long-Short Range Context Neural Networks for Language Modeling  The goal of language modeling techniques is to capture the statistical and structural properties of natural languages from training corpora. This task typically involves the learning of short range dependencies, which generally model the syntactic properties of a language and/or long range dependencies, which are semantic in nature.  We propose in this paper a new multi-span architecture, which separately models the short and long context information while it dynamically merges them to perform the language modeling task. This is done through a novel recurrent Long-Short Range Context (LSRC) network, which explicitly models the local (short) and global (long) context using two separate hidden states that evolve in time.	424
What is the current state of the art in natural language processing?	On the interaction between supervision and self-play in emergent   communication  A promising approach for teaching artificial agents to use natural language involves using human-in-the-loop training. However, recent work suggests that current machine learning methods are too data inefficient to be trained in this way from scratch.  In this paper, we investigate the relationship between two categories of learning signals with the ultimate goal of improving sample efficiency: imitating human language data via supervised learning, and maximizing reward in a simulated multi-agent environment via self-play (as done in emergent communication), and introduce the term supervised self-play (S2P) for algorithms using both of these signals.	On the interaction between supervision and self-play in emergent   communication  A promising approach for teaching artificial agents to use natural language involves using human-in-the-loop training. However, recent work suggests that current machine learning methods are too data inefficient to be trained in this way from scratch.  In this paper, we investigate the relationship between two categories of learning signals with the ultimate goal of improving sample efficiency: imitating human language data via supervised learning, and maximizing reward in a simulated multi-agent environment via self-play (as done in emergent communication), and introduce the term supervised self-play (S2P) for algorithms using both of these signals.	429
What is the current state of the art in natural language processing?	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	414
What is the current state of the art in natural language processing?	The Importance of Generation Order in Language Modeling  Neural language models are a critical component of state-of-the-art systems for machine translation, summarization, audio transcription, and other tasks. These language models are almost universally autoregressive in nature, generating sentences one token at a time from left to right.  This paper studies the influence of token generation order on model quality via a novel two-pass language model that produces partially-filled sentence "templates" and then fills in missing tokens. We compare various strategies for structuring these two passes and observe a surprisingly large variation in model quality. We find the most effective strategy generates function words in the first pass followed by content words in the second. We believe these experimental results justify a more extensive investigation of generation order for neural language models.	The Importance of Generation Order in Language Modeling  Neural language models are a critical component of state-of-the-art systems for machine translation, summarization, audio transcription, and other tasks. These language models are almost universally autoregressive in nature, generating sentences one token at a time from left to right.  This paper studies the influence of token generation order on model quality via a novel two-pass language model that produces partially-filled sentence "templates" and then fills in missing tokens. We compare various strategies for structuring these two passes and observe a surprisingly large variation in model quality. We find the most effective strategy generates function words in the first pass followed by content words in the second. We believe these experimental results justify a more extensive investigation of generation order for neural language models.	380
What is the state of the art in natural language understanding?	SenseBERT: Driving Some Sense into BERT  The ability to learn from large unlabeled corpora has allowed neural language models to advance the frontier in natural language understanding. However, existing self-supervision techniques operate at the word form level, which serves as a surrogate for the underlying semantic content.  This paper proposes a method to employ weak-supervision directly at the word sense level. Our model, named SenseBERT, is pre-trained to predict not only the masked words but also their WordNet supersenses. Accordingly, we attain a lexical-semantic level language model, without the use of human annotation. SenseBERT achieves significantly improved lexical understanding, as we demonstrate by experimenting on SemEval Word Sense Disambiguation, and by attaining a state of the art result on the Word in Context task.	SenseBERT: Driving Some Sense into BERT  The ability to learn from large unlabeled corpora has allowed neural language models to advance the frontier in natural language understanding. However, existing self-supervision techniques operate at the word form level, which serves as a surrogate for the underlying semantic content.  This paper proposes a method to employ weak-supervision directly at the word sense level. Our model, named SenseBERT, is pre-trained to predict not only the masked words but also their WordNet supersenses. Accordingly, we attain a lexical-semantic level language model, without the use of human annotation. SenseBERT achieves significantly improved lexical understanding, as we demonstrate by experimenting on SemEval Word Sense Disambiguation, and by attaining a state of the art result on the Word in Context task.	417
What is the state of the art in natural language understanding?	XNLI: Evaluating Cross-lingual Sentence Representations  State-of-the-art natural language processing systems rely on supervision in the form of annotated data to learn competent models. These models are generally trained on data in a single language (usually English), and cannot be directly used beyond that language.  Since collecting data in every language is not realistic, there has been a growing interest in cross-lingual language understanding (XLU) and low-resource cross-language transfer. In this work, we construct an evaluation set for XLU by extending the development and test sets of the Multi-Genre Natural Language Inference Corpus (MultiNLI) to 15 languages, including low-resource languages such as Swahili and Urdu.	XNLI: Evaluating Cross-lingual Sentence Representations  State-of-the-art natural language processing systems rely on supervision in the form of annotated data to learn competent models. These models are generally trained on data in a single language (usually English), and cannot be directly used beyond that language.  Since collecting data in every language is not realistic, there has been a growing interest in cross-lingual language understanding (XLU) and low-resource cross-language transfer. In this work, we construct an evaluation set for XLU by extending the development and test sets of the Multi-Genre Natural Language Inference Corpus (MultiNLI) to 15 languages, including low-resource languages such as Swahili and Urdu.	433
What is the state of the art in natural language understanding?	Reweighted Proximal Pruning for Large-Scale Language Representation  Recently, pre-trained language representation flourishes as the mainstay of the natural language understanding community, e.g., BERT. These pre-trained language representations can create state-of-the-art results on a wide range of downstream tasks.  Along with continuous significant performance improvement, the size and complexity of these pre-trained neural models continue to increase rapidly. Is it possible to compress these large-scale language representation models? How will the pruned language representation affect the downstream multi-task transfer learning objectives?	Reweighted Proximal Pruning for Large-Scale Language Representation  Recently, pre-trained language representation flourishes as the mainstay of the natural language understanding community, e.g., BERT. These pre-trained language representations can create state-of-the-art results on a wide range of downstream tasks.  Along with continuous significant performance improvement, the size and complexity of these pre-trained neural models continue to increase rapidly. Is it possible to compress these large-scale language representation models? How will the pruned language representation affect the downstream multi-task transfer learning objectives?	410
What is the state of the art in natural language understanding?	Semantic bottleneck for computer vision tasks  This paper introduces a novel method for the representation of images that is semantic by nature, addressing the question of computation intelligibility in computer vision tasks. More specifically, our proposition is to introduce what we call a semantic bottleneck in the processing pipeline, which is a crossing point in which the representation of the image is entirely expressed with natural language , while retaining the efficiency of numerical representations. We show that our approach is able to generate semantic representations that give state-of-the-art results on semantic content-based image retrieval and also perform very well on image classification tasks. Intelligibility is evaluated through user centered experiments for failure detection.	Semantic bottleneck for computer vision tasks  This paper introduces a novel method for the representation of images that is semantic by nature, addressing the question of computation intelligibility in computer vision tasks. More specifically, our proposition is to introduce what we call a semantic bottleneck in the processing pipeline, which is a crossing point in which the representation of the image is entirely expressed with natural language , while retaining the efficiency of numerical representations. We show that our approach is able to generate semantic representations that give state-of-the-art results on semantic content-based image retrieval and also perform very well on image classification tasks. Intelligibility is evaluated through user centered experiments for failure detection.	437
What is the state of the art in natural language understanding?	The Importance of Generation Order in Language Modeling  Neural language models are a critical component of state-of-the-art systems for machine translation, summarization, audio transcription, and other tasks. These language models are almost universally autoregressive in nature, generating sentences one token at a time from left to right.  This paper studies the influence of token generation order on model quality via a novel two-pass language model that produces partially-filled sentence "templates" and then fills in missing tokens. We compare various strategies for structuring these two passes and observe a surprisingly large variation in model quality. We find the most effective strategy generates function words in the first pass followed by content words in the second. We believe these experimental results justify a more extensive investigation of generation order for neural language models.	The Importance of Generation Order in Language Modeling  Neural language models are a critical component of state-of-the-art systems for machine translation, summarization, audio transcription, and other tasks. These language models are almost universally autoregressive in nature, generating sentences one token at a time from left to right.  This paper studies the influence of token generation order on model quality via a novel two-pass language model that produces partially-filled sentence "templates" and then fills in missing tokens. We compare various strategies for structuring these two passes and observe a surprisingly large variation in model quality. We find the most effective strategy generates function words in the first pass followed by content words in the second. We believe these experimental results justify a more extensive investigation of generation order for neural language models.	407
Which publications would you recommend reading for someone interested in natural language processing?	Mapping Natural-language Problems to Formal-language Solutions Using   Structured Neural Representations  Generating formal-language programs represented by relational tuples, such as Lisp programs or mathematical operations, to solve problems stated in natural language is a challenging task because it requires explicitly capturing discrete symbolic structural information implicit in the input.  However, most general neural sequence models do not explicitly capture such structural information, limiting their performance on these tasks. In this paper, we propose a new encoder-decoder model based on a structured neural representation, Tensor Product Representations (TPRs), for mapping Natural-language problems to Formal-language solutions, called TP-N2F.	Mapping Natural-language Problems to Formal-language Solutions Using   Structured Neural Representations  Generating formal-language programs represented by relational tuples, such as Lisp programs or mathematical operations, to solve problems stated in natural language is a challenging task because it requires explicitly capturing discrete symbolic structural information implicit in the input.  However, most general neural sequence models do not explicitly capture such structural information, limiting their performance on these tasks. In this paper, we propose a new encoder-decoder model based on a structured neural representation, Tensor Product Representations (TPRs), for mapping Natural-language problems to Formal-language solutions, called TP-N2F.	334
Which publications would you recommend reading for someone interested in natural language processing?	Naturalizing a Programming Language via Interactive Learning  Our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well-specified but complex actions such as analyzing data, manipulating text, and querying databases. However, existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language.  To bridge this gap, we start with a core programming language and allow users to "naturalize" the core language incrementally by defining alternative, more natural syntax and increasingly complex concepts in terms of compositions of simpler ones. In a voxel world, we show that a community of users can simultaneously teach a common system a diverse language and use it to build hundreds of complex voxel structures. Over the course of three days, these users went from using only the core language to using the naturalized language in 85.9\% of the last 10K utterances.	Naturalizing a Programming Language via Interactive Learning  Our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well-specified but complex actions such as analyzing data, manipulating text, and querying databases. However, existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language.  To bridge this gap, we start with a core programming language and allow users to "naturalize" the core language incrementally by defining alternative, more natural syntax and increasingly complex concepts in terms of compositions of simpler ones. In a voxel world, we show that a community of users can simultaneously teach a common system a diverse language and use it to build hundreds of complex voxel structures. Over the course of three days, these users went from using only the core language to using the naturalized language in 85.9\% of the last 10K utterances.	322
Which publications would you recommend reading for someone interested in natural language processing?	Learning Distributed Representations from Reviews for Collaborative   Filtering  Recent work has shown that collaborative filter-based recommender systems can be improved by incorporating side information, such as natural language reviews, as a way of regularizing the derived product representations.  Motivated by the success of this approach, we introduce two different models of reviews and study their effect on collaborative filtering performance. While the previous state-of-the-art approach is based on a latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) model of reviews, the models we explore are neural network based: a bag-of-words product-of-experts model and a recurrent neural network.	Learning Distributed Representations from Reviews for Collaborative   Filtering  Recent work has shown that collaborative filter-based recommender systems can be improved by incorporating side information, such as natural language reviews, as a way of regularizing the derived product representations.  Motivated by the success of this approach, we introduce two different models of reviews and study their effect on collaborative filtering performance. While the previous state-of-the-art approach is based on a latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) model of reviews, the models we explore are neural network based: a bag-of-words product-of-experts model and a recurrent neural network.	328
Which publications would you recommend reading for someone interested in natural language processing?	Compositional Languages Emerge in a Neural Iterated Learning Model  The principle of compositionality, which enables natural language to represent complex concepts via a structured combination of simpler ones, allows us to convey an open-ended set of messages using a limited vocabulary. If compositionality is indeed a natural property of language, we may expect it to appear in communication protocols that are created by neural agents in language games.	Compositional Languages Emerge in a Neural Iterated Learning Model  The principle of compositionality, which enables natural language to represent complex concepts via a structured combination of simpler ones, allows us to convey an open-ended set of messages using a limited vocabulary. If compositionality is indeed a natural property of language, we may expect it to appear in communication protocols that are created by neural agents in language games.	336
Which publications would you recommend reading for someone interested in natural language processing?	Language is Power: Representing States Using Natural Language in   Reinforcement Learning  Recent advances in reinforcement learning have shown its potential to tackle complex real-life tasks. However, as the dimensionality of the task increases, reinforcement learning methods tend to struggle. To overcome this, we explore methods for representing the semantic information embedded in the state.  While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	 While previous methods focused on information in its raw form (e.g., raw visual input), we propose to represent the state using natural language. Language can represent complex scenarios and concepts, making it a favorable candidate for representation. Empirical evidence, within the domain of ViZDoom, suggests that natural language based agents are more robust, converge faster and perform better than vision based agents, showing the benefit of using natural language representations for reinforcement learning.	326
What are the basics of natural language processing?	Naturalizing a Programming Language via Interactive Learning  Our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well-specified but complex actions such as analyzing data, manipulating text, and querying databases. However, existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language.  To bridge this gap, we start with a core programming language and allow users to "naturalize" the core language incrementally by defining alternative, more natural syntax and increasingly complex concepts in terms of compositions of simpler ones. In a voxel world, we show that a community of users can simultaneously teach a common system a diverse language and use it to build hundreds of complex voxel structures. Over the course of three days, these users went from using only the core language to using the naturalized language in 85.9\% of the last 10K utterances.	Naturalizing a Programming Language via Interactive Learning  Our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well-specified but complex actions such as analyzing data, manipulating text, and querying databases. However, existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language.  To bridge this gap, we start with a core programming language and allow users to "naturalize" the core language incrementally by defining alternative, more natural syntax and increasingly complex concepts in terms of compositions of simpler ones. In a voxel world, we show that a community of users can simultaneously teach a common system a diverse language and use it to build hundreds of complex voxel structures. Over the course of three days, these users went from using only the core language to using the naturalized language in 85.9\% of the last 10K utterances.	401
What are the basics of natural language processing?	Development of Deep Learning Based Natural Language Processing Model for   Turkish  Natural language is one of the most fundamental features that distinguish people from other living things and enable people to communicate each other. Language is a tool that enables people to express their feelings and thoughts and to transfers cultures through generations.  Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language.  NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed.	 Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language.	407
What are the basics of natural language processing?	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	414
What are the basics of natural language processing?	The Importance of Generation Order in Language Modeling  Neural language models are a critical component of state-of-the-art systems for machine translation, summarization, audio transcription, and other tasks. These language models are almost universally autoregressive in nature, generating sentences one token at a time from left to right.  This paper studies the influence of token generation order on model quality via a novel two-pass language model that produces partially-filled sentence "templates" and then fills in missing tokens. We compare various strategies for structuring these two passes and observe a surprisingly large variation in model quality. We find the most effective strategy generates function words in the first pass followed by content words in the second. We believe these experimental results justify a more extensive investigation of generation order for neural language models.	The Importance of Generation Order in Language Modeling  Neural language models are a critical component of state-of-the-art systems for machine translation, summarization, audio transcription, and other tasks. These language models are almost universally autoregressive in nature, generating sentences one token at a time from left to right.  This paper studies the influence of token generation order on model quality via a novel two-pass language model that produces partially-filled sentence "templates" and then fills in missing tokens. We compare various strategies for structuring these two passes and observe a surprisingly large variation in model quality. We find the most effective strategy generates function words in the first pass followed by content words in the second. We believe these experimental results justify a more extensive investigation of generation order for neural language models.	415
Could you please explain the choice constraints of the pros/cons while choosing Word2Vec, GloVe or any other thought vectors you have used?	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors.  Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory.	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors.  Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory.	281
Could you please explain the choice constraints of the pros/cons while choosing Word2Vec, GloVe or any other thought vectors you have used?	An Analysis of Word2Vec for the Italian Language  Word representation is fundamental in NLP tasks, because it is precisely from the coding of semantic closeness between words that it is possible to think of teaching a machine to understand text. Despite the spread of word embedding concepts, still few are the achievements in linguistic contexts other than English. In this work, analysing the semantic capacity of the Word2Vec algorithm, an embedding for the Italian language is produced. Parameter setting such as the number of epochs, the size of the context window and the number of negatively backpropagated samples is explored.	An Analysis of Word2Vec for the Italian Language  Word representation is fundamental in NLP tasks, because it is precisely from the coding of semantic closeness between words that it is possible to think of teaching a machine to understand text. Despite the spread of word embedding concepts, still few are the achievements in linguistic contexts other than English. In this work, analysing the semantic capacity of the Word2Vec algorithm, an embedding for the Italian language is produced. Parameter setting such as the number of epochs, the size of the context window and the number of negatively backpropagated samples is explored.	328
Could you please explain the choice constraints of the pros/cons while choosing Word2Vec, GloVe or any other thought vectors you have used?	 Despite its simple implementation, BOW features lack semantic meaning representation. To solve this problem, neural networks started to be employed to learn word vectors, such as the word2vec. Word2vec embeds word semantic structure into vectors, where the angle between vectors indicates the meaningful similarity between words.	 Despite its simple implementation, BOW features lack semantic meaning representation. To solve this problem, neural networks started to be employed to learn word vectors, such as the word2vec. Word2vec embeds word semantic structure into vectors, where the angle between vectors indicates the meaningful similarity between words.	314
Could you please explain the choice constraints of the pros/cons while choosing Word2Vec, GloVe or any other thought vectors you have used?	 However, the training process used in these approaches is complex, may be inefficient or it may require large text corpora. As a consequence, these approaches may be difficult to apply in resource-scarce domains or by scientists with limited in-depth knowledge of embedding models. In this paper, we propose a new heuristic to train temporal word embeddings based on the Word2vec model.  The heuristic consists in using atemporal vectors as a reference, i.e., as a compass, when training the representations specific to a given time interval. The use of the compass simplifies the training process and makes it more efficient. Experiments conducted using state-of-the-art datasets and methodologies suggest that our approach outperforms or equals comparable approaches while being more robust in terms of the required corpus size.	 However, the training process used in these approaches is complex, may be inefficient or it may require large text corpora. As a consequence, these approaches may be difficult to apply in resource-scarce domains or by scientists with limited in-depth knowledge of embedding models. In this paper, we propose a new heuristic to train temporal word embeddings based on the Word2vec model.  The heuristic consists in using atemporal vectors as a reference, i.e., as a compass, when training the representations specific to a given time interval. The use of the compass simplifies the training process and makes it more efficient. Experiments conducted using state-of-the-art datasets and methodologies suggest that our approach outperforms or equals comparable approaches while being more robust in terms of the required corpus size.	317
Could you please explain the choice constraints of the pros/cons while choosing Word2Vec, GloVe or any other thought vectors you have used?	Estimator Vectors: OOV Word Embeddings based on Subword and Context Clue   Estimates  Semantic representations of words have been successfully extracted from unlabeled corpuses using neural network models like word2vec. These representations are generally high quality and are computationally inexpensive to train, making them popular.  However, these approaches generally fail to approximate out of vocabulary (OOV) words, a task humans can do quite easily, using word roots and context clues. This paper proposes a neural network model that learns high quality word representations, subword representations, and context clue representations jointly.	Estimator Vectors: OOV Word Embeddings based on Subword and Context Clue   Estimates  Semantic representations of words have been successfully extracted from unlabeled corpuses using neural network models like word2vec. These representations are generally high quality and are computationally inexpensive to train, making them popular.  However, these approaches generally fail to approximate out of vocabulary (OOV) words, a task humans can do quite easily, using word roots and context clues. This paper proposes a neural network model that learns high quality word representations, subword representations, and context clue representations jointly.	324
How do you explain NLP to a layman?	 However, there is no known natural language processing (NLP) work on this language. In this work, we perform the first NLP work on the most popular variant of the language, providing three major contributions. First, the provision of a Pidgin corpus of over 56000 sentences, which is the largest we know of.  Secondly, the training of the first ever cross-lingual embedding between Pidgin and English. This aligned embedding will be helpful in the performance of various downstream tasks between English and Pidgin. Thirdly, the training of an Unsupervised Neural Machine Translation model between Pidgin and English which achieves BLEU scores of 7.93 from Pidgin to English, and 5.18 from English to Pidgin. In all, this work greatly reduces the barrier of entry for future NLP works on West African Pidgin English.	 However, there is no known natural language processing (NLP) work on this language. In this work, we perform the first NLP work on the most popular variant of the language, providing three major contributions. First, the provision of a Pidgin corpus of over 56000 sentences, which is the largest we know of.  Secondly, the training of the first ever cross-lingual embedding between Pidgin and English. This aligned embedding will be helpful in the performance of various downstream tasks between English and Pidgin. Thirdly, the training of an Unsupervised Neural Machine Translation model between Pidgin and English which achieves BLEU scores of 7.93 from Pidgin to English, and 5.18 from English to Pidgin. In all, this work greatly reduces the barrier of entry for future NLP works on West African Pidgin English.	462
How do you explain NLP to a layman?	DreamNLP: Novel NLP System for Clinical Report Metadata Extraction using   Count Sketch Data Streaming Algorithm: Preliminary Results  Extracting information from electronic health records (EHR) is a challenging task since it requires prior knowledge of the reports and some natural language processing algorithm (NLP).  With the growing number of EHR implementations, such knowledge is increasingly challenging to obtain in an efficient manner. We address this challenge by proposing a novel methodology to analyze large sets of EHRs using a modified Count Sketch data streaming algorithm termed DreamNLP. By using DreamNLP, we generate a dictionary of frequently occurring terms or heavy hitters in the EHRs using low computational memory compared to conventional counting approach other NLP programs use.	DreamNLP: Novel NLP System for Clinical Report Metadata Extraction using   Count Sketch Data Streaming Algorithm: Preliminary Results  Extracting information from electronic health records (EHR) is a challenging task since it requires prior knowledge of the reports and some natural language processing algorithm (NLP).  With the growing number of EHR implementations, such knowledge is increasingly challenging to obtain in an efficient manner. We address this challenge by proposing a novel methodology to analyze large sets of EHRs using a modified Count Sketch data streaming algorithm termed DreamNLP. By using DreamNLP, we generate a dictionary of frequently occurring terms or heavy hitters in the EHRs using low computational memory compared to conventional counting approach other NLP programs use.	466
How do you explain NLP to a layman?	 The recurrent neural network will learn to extract the meaningful signal out of the sequence of such features. In this work, we propose a method utilizing a transformer network which have recently replaced RNNs in Natural Language Processing (NLP), and perform experiments to compare with existing methods.	 The recurrent neural network will learn to extract the meaningful signal out of the sequence of such features. In this work, we propose a method utilizing a transformer network which have recently replaced RNNs in Natural Language Processing (NLP), and perform experiments to compare with existing methods.	461
How do you explain NLP to a layman?	ERASER: A Benchmark to Evaluate Rationalized NLP Models  State-of-the-art models in NLP are now predominantly based on deep neural networks that are opaque in terms of how they come to make predictions. This limitation has increased interest in designing more interpretable deep models for NLP that reveal the `reasoning' behind model outputs.  But work in this direction has been conducted on different datasets and tasks with correspondingly unique aims and metrics; this makes it difficult to track progress. We propose the Evaluating Rationales And Simple English Reasoning (ERASER) benchmark to advance research on interpretable models in NLP.	ERASER: A Benchmark to Evaluate Rationalized NLP Models  State-of-the-art models in NLP are now predominantly based on deep neural networks that are opaque in terms of how they come to make predictions. This limitation has increased interest in designing more interpretable deep models for NLP that reveal the `reasoning' behind model outputs.  But work in this direction has been conducted on different datasets and tasks with correspondingly unique aims and metrics; this makes it difficult to track progress. We propose the Evaluating Rationales And Simple English Reasoning (ERASER) benchmark to advance research on interpretable models in NLP.	457
How do you explain NLP to a layman?	Why PairDiff works? -- A Mathematical Analysis of Bilinear Relational   Compositional Operators for Analogy Detection  Representing the semantic relations that exist between two given words (or entities) is an important first step in a wide-range of NLP applications such as analogical reasoning, knowledge base completion and relational information retrieval.  A simple, yet surprisingly accurate method for representing a relation between two words is to compute the vector offset (\PairDiff) between their corresponding word embeddings. Despite the empirical success, it remains unclear as to whether \PairDiff is the best operator for obtaining a relational representation from word embeddings.	Why PairDiff works? -- A Mathematical Analysis of Bilinear Relational   Compositional Operators for Analogy Detection  Representing the semantic relations that exist between two given words (or entities) is an important first step in a wide-range of NLP applications such as analogical reasoning, knowledge base completion and relational information retrieval.  A simple, yet surprisingly accurate method for representing a relation between two words is to compute the vector offset (\PairDiff) between their corresponding word embeddings. Despite the empirical success, it remains unclear as to whether \PairDiff is the best operator for obtaining a relational representation from word embeddings.	438
How do I explain NLP, text mining, and their difference in laymans terms?	Generative and Discriminative Text Classification with Recurrent Neural   Networks  We empirically characterize the performance of discriminative and generative LSTM models for text classification. We find that although RNN-based generative models are more powerful than their bag-of-words ancestors (e. g., they account for conditional dependencies across words in a document), they have higher asymptotic error rates than discriminatively trained RNN models. However we also find that generative models approach their asymptotic error rate more rapidly than their discriminative counterparts---the same pattern that Ng & Jordan (2001) proved holds for linear classification models that make more naive conditional independence assumptions.	Generative and Discriminative Text Classification with Recurrent Neural   Networks  We empirically characterize the performance of discriminative and generative LSTM models for text classification. We find that although RNN-based generative models are more powerful than their bag-of-words ancestors (e. g., they account for conditional dependencies across words in a document), they have higher asymptotic error rates than discriminatively trained RNN models. However we also find that generative models approach their asymptotic error rate more rapidly than their discriminative counterparts---the same pattern that Ng & Jordan (2001) proved holds for linear classification models that make more naive conditional independence assumptions.	321
How do I explain NLP, text mining, and their difference in laymans terms?	On a Topic Model for Sentences  Probabilistic topic models are generative models that describe the content of documents by discovering the latent topics underlying them. However, the structure of the textual input, and for instance the grouping of words in coherent text spans such as sentences, contains much information which is generally lost with these models.  In this paper, we propose sentenceLDA, an extension of LDA whose goal is to overcome this limitation by incorporating the structure of the text in the generative and inference processes. We illustrate the advantages of sentenceLDA by comparing it with LDA using both intrinsic (perplexity) and extrinsic (text classification) evaluation tasks on different text collections.	 In this paper, we propose sentenceLDA, an extension of LDA whose goal is to overcome this limitation by incorporating the structure of the text in the generative and inference processes. We illustrate the advantages of sentenceLDA by comparing it with LDA using both intrinsic (perplexity) and extrinsic (text classification) evaluation tasks on different text collections.	317
How do I explain NLP, text mining, and their difference in laymans terms?	 Besides, exploration and exploiting of semantic relations is regarded as a principal step in text mining applications. However, most of the traditional text mining methods perform somewhat poor in terms of employing such relations. In this paper, we propose a sentence-level graph-based text representation which includes stop words to consider semantic and term relations.  Then, we employ a representation learning approach on the combined graphs of sentences to extract the latent and continuous features of the documents. Eventually, the learned features of the documents are fed into a deep neural network for the sentiment classification task. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method substantially outperforms the related sentiment analysis approaches based on several benchmark datasets. Furthermore, our method can be generalized on different datasets without any dependency on pre-trained word embeddings.	 Besides, exploration and exploiting of semantic relations is regarded as a principal step in text mining applications. However, most of the traditional text mining methods perform somewhat poor in terms of employing such relations. In this paper, we propose a sentence-level graph-based text representation which includes stop words to consider semantic and term relations.  Then, we employ a representation learning approach on the combined graphs of sentences to extract the latent and continuous features of the documents. Eventually, the learned features of the documents are fed into a deep neural network for the sentiment classification task. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method substantially outperforms the related sentiment analysis approaches based on several benchmark datasets. Furthermore, our method can be generalized on different datasets without any dependency on pre-trained word embeddings.	301
How do I explain NLP, text mining, and their difference in laymans terms?	 However, this problem is exacerbated both by the volume, in terms of scanned documents and the complexity of the pages, which need to be processed. Often containing many different elements, which each need to be processed and understood. Text recognition, which is a primary task of this process, is usually dependent upon the type of text, being either handwritten or machine-printed.  Accordingly, the recognition involves prior classification of the text category, before deciding on the recognition method to be applied. This poses a more challenging task if a document contains both handwritten and machine-printed text. In this work, we present a generic process flow for text recognition in scanned documents containing mixed handwritten and machine-printed text without the need to classify text in advance.	 However, this problem is exacerbated both by the volume, in terms of scanned documents and the complexity of the pages, which need to be processed. Often containing many different elements, which each need to be processed and understood. Text recognition, which is a primary task of this process, is usually dependent upon the type of text, being either handwritten or machine-printed.  Accordingly, the recognition involves prior classification of the text category, before deciding on the recognition method to be applied. This poses a more challenging task if a document contains both handwritten and machine-printed text. In this work, we present a generic process flow for text recognition in scanned documents containing mixed handwritten and machine-printed text without the need to classify text in advance.	314
How do I explain NLP, text mining, and their difference in laymans terms?	Adapting Sequence to Sequence models for Text Normalization in Social   Media  Social media offer an abundant source of valuable raw data, however informal writing can quickly become a bottleneck for many natural language processing (NLP) tasks. Off-the-shelf tools are usually trained on formal text and cannot explicitly handle noise found in short online posts.  Moreover, the variety of frequently occurring linguistic variations presents several challenges, even for humans who might not be able to comprehend the meaning of such posts, especially when they contain slang and abbreviations. Text Normalization aims to transform online user-generated text to a canonical form.	Adapting Sequence to Sequence models for Text Normalization in Social   Media  Social media offer an abundant source of valuable raw data, however informal writing can quickly become a bottleneck for many natural language processing (NLP) tasks. Off-the-shelf tools are usually trained on formal text and cannot explicitly handle noise found in short online posts.  Moreover, the variety of frequently occurring linguistic variations presents several challenges, even for humans who might not be able to comprehend the meaning of such posts, especially when they contain slang and abbreviations. Text Normalization aims to transform online user-generated text to a canonical form.	313
What is the relationship between N-gram and Bag-of-words in natural language processing?	Low-dimensional Semantic Space: from Text to Word Embedding  This article focuses on the study of Word Embedding, a feature-learning technique in Natural Language Processing that maps words or phrases to low-dimensional vectors. Beginning with the linguistic theories concerning contextual similarities - "Distributional Hypothesis" and "Context of Situation", this article introduces two ways of numerical representation of text: One-hot and Distributed Representation.  In addition, this article presents statistical-based Language Models(such as Co-occurrence Matrix and Singular Value Decomposition) as well as Neural Network Language Models (NNLM, such as Continuous Bag-of-Words and Skip-Gram). This article also analyzes how Word Embedding can be applied to the study of word-sense disambiguation and diachronic linguistics.	 In addition, this article presents statistical-based Language Models(such as Co-occurrence Matrix and Singular Value Decomposition) as well as Neural Network Language Models (NNLM, such as Continuous Bag-of-Words and Skip-Gram). This article also analyzes how Word Embedding can be applied to the study of word-sense disambiguation and diachronic linguistics.	312
What is the relationship between N-gram and Bag-of-words in natural language processing?	Word-order biases in deep-agent emergent communication  Sequence-processing neural networks led to remarkable progress on many NLP tasks. As a consequence, there has been increasing interest in understanding to what extent they process language as humans do. We aim here to uncover which biases such models display with respect to "natural" word-order constraints.  We train models to communicate about paths in a simple gridworld, using miniature languages that reflect or violate various natural language trends, such as the tendency to avoid redundancy or to minimize long-distance dependencies. We study how the controlled characteristics of our miniature languages affect individual learning and their stability across multiple network generations.	Word-order biases in deep-agent emergent communication  Sequence-processing neural networks led to remarkable progress on many NLP tasks. As a consequence, there has been increasing interest in understanding to what extent they process language as humans do. We aim here to uncover which biases such models display with respect to "natural" word-order constraints.  We train models to communicate about paths in a simple gridworld, using miniature languages that reflect or violate various natural language trends, such as the tendency to avoid redundancy or to minimize long-distance dependencies. We study how the controlled characteristics of our miniature languages affect individual learning and their stability across multiple network generations.	305
What is the relationship between N-gram and Bag-of-words in natural language processing?	Character-Level Language Modeling with Hierarchical Recurrent Neural   Networks  Recurrent neural network (RNN) based character-level language models (CLMs) are extremely useful for modeling out-of-vocabulary words by nature. However, their performance is generally much worse than the word-level language models (WLMs), since CLMs need to consider longer history of tokens to properly predict the next one.  We address this problem by proposing hierarchical RNN architectures, which consist of multiple modules with different timescales. Despite the multi-timescale structures, the input and output layers operate with the character-level clock, which allows the existing RNN CLM training approaches to be directly applicable without any modifications.	Character-Level Language Modeling with Hierarchical Recurrent Neural   Networks  Recurrent neural network (RNN) based character-level language models (CLMs) are extremely useful for modeling out-of-vocabulary words by nature. However, their performance is generally much worse than the word-level language models (WLMs), since CLMs need to consider longer history of tokens to properly predict the next one.  We address this problem by proposing hierarchical RNN architectures, which consist of multiple modules with different timescales. Despite the multi-timescale structures, the input and output layers operate with the character-level clock, which allows the existing RNN CLM training approaches to be directly applicable without any modifications.	287
What is the relationship between N-gram and Bag-of-words in natural language processing?	Integer-Programming Ensemble of Temporal-Relations Classifiers  The extraction and understanding of temporal events and their relations are major challenges in natural language processing. Processing text on a sentence-by-sentence or expression-by-expression basis often fails, in part due to the challenge of capturing the global consistency of the text.  We present an ensemble method, which reconciles the outputs of multiple classifiers of temporal expressions across the text using integer programming. Computational experiments show that the ensemble improves upon the best individual results from two recent challenges, SemEval-2013 TempEval-3 (Temporal Annotation) and SemEval-2016 Task 12 (Clinical TempEval).	Integer-Programming Ensemble of Temporal-Relations Classifiers  The extraction and understanding of temporal events and their relations are major challenges in natural language processing. Processing text on a sentence-by-sentence or expression-by-expression basis often fails, in part due to the challenge of capturing the global consistency of the text.  We present an ensemble method, which reconciles the outputs of multiple classifiers of temporal expressions across the text using integer programming. Computational experiments show that the ensemble improves upon the best individual results from two recent challenges, SemEval-2013 TempEval-3 (Temporal Annotation) and SemEval-2016 Task 12 (Clinical TempEval).	323
What is the relationship between N-gram and Bag-of-words in natural language processing?	SBERT-WK: A Sentence Embedding Method by Dissecting BERT-based Word   Models  Sentence embedding is an important research topic in natural language processing (NLP) since it can transfer knowledge to downstream tasks. Meanwhile, a contextualized word representation, called BERT, achieves the state-of-the-art performance in quite a few NLP tasks.  Yet, it is an open problem to generate a high quality sentence representation from BERT-based word models. It was shown in previous study that different layers of BERT capture different linguistic properties. This allows us to fusion information across layers to find better sentence representation. In this work, we study the layer-wise pattern of the word representation of deep contextualized models.	SBERT-WK: A Sentence Embedding Method by Dissecting BERT-based Word   Models  Sentence embedding is an important research topic in natural language processing (NLP) since it can transfer knowledge to downstream tasks. Meanwhile, a contextualized word representation, called BERT, achieves the state-of-the-art performance in quite a few NLP tasks.  Yet, it is an open problem to generate a high quality sentence representation from BERT-based word models. It was shown in previous study that different layers of BERT capture different linguistic properties. This allows us to fusion information across layers to find better sentence representation. In this work, we study the layer-wise pattern of the word representation of deep contextualized models.	314
Is deep learning suitable for NLP problems like parsing or machine translation?	Cognitive Deep Machine Can Train Itself  Machine learning is making substantial progress in diverse applications. The success is mostly due to advances in deep learning. However, deep learning can make mistakes and its generalization abilities to new tasks are questionable. We ask when and how one can combine network outputs, when (i) details of the observations are evaluated by learned deep components and (ii) facts and confirmation rules are available in knowledge based systems.  We show that in limited contexts the required number of training samples can be low and self-improvement of pre-trained networks in more general context is possible. We argue that the combination of sparse outlier detection with deep components that can support each other diminish the fragility of deep methods, an important requirement for engineering applications.	Cognitive Deep Machine Can Train Itself  Machine learning is making substantial progress in diverse applications. The success is mostly due to advances in deep learning. However, deep learning can make mistakes and its generalization abilities to new tasks are questionable. We ask when and how one can combine network outputs, when (i) details of the observations are evaluated by learned deep components and (ii) facts and confirmation rules are available in knowledge based systems.  We show that in limited contexts the required number of training samples can be low and self-improvement of pre-trained networks in more general context is possible. We argue that the combination of sparse outlier detection with deep components that can support each other diminish the fragility of deep methods, an important requirement for engineering applications.	316
Is deep learning suitable for NLP problems like parsing or machine translation?	Deep Learning with Nonparametric Clustering  Clustering is an essential problem in machine learning and data mining. One vital factor that impacts clustering performance is how to learn or design the data representation (or features). Fortunately, recent advances in deep learning can learn unsupervised features effectively, and have yielded state of the art performance in many classification problems, such as character recognition, object recognition and document categorization.  However, little attention has been paid to the potential of deep learning for unsupervised clustering problems. In this paper, we propose a deep belief network with nonparametric clustering. As an unsupervised method, our model first leverages the advantages of deep learning for feature representation and dimension reduction.	Deep Learning with Nonparametric Clustering  Clustering is an essential problem in machine learning and data mining. One vital factor that impacts clustering performance is how to learn or design the data representation (or features). Fortunately, recent advances in deep learning can learn unsupervised features effectively, and have yielded state of the art performance in many classification problems, such as character recognition, object recognition and document categorization.  However, little attention has been paid to the potential of deep learning for unsupervised clustering problems. In this paper, we propose a deep belief network with nonparametric clustering. As an unsupervised method, our model first leverages the advantages of deep learning for feature representation and dimension reduction.	335
Is deep learning suitable for NLP problems like parsing or machine translation?	Transfer Learning for Neural Semantic Parsing  The goal of semantic parsing is to map natural language to a machine interpretable meaning representation language (MRL). One of the constraints that limits full exploration of deep learning technologies for semantic parsing is the lack of sufficient annotation training data.  In this paper, we propose using sequence-to-sequence in a multi-task setup for semantic parsing with a focus on transfer learning. We explore three multi-task architectures for sequence-to-sequence modeling and compare their performance with an independently trained model. Our experiments show that the multi-task setup aids transfer learning from an auxiliary task with large labeled data to a target task with smaller labeled data. We see absolute accuracy gains ranging from 1.0% to 4.4% in our in- house data set, and we also see good gains ranging from 2.5% to 7.0% on the ATIS semantic parsing tasks with syntactic and semantic auxiliary tasks.	Transfer Learning for Neural Semantic Parsing  The goal of semantic parsing is to map natural language to a machine interpretable meaning representation language (MRL). One of the constraints that limits full exploration of deep learning technologies for semantic parsing is the lack of sufficient annotation training data.  In this paper, we propose using sequence-to-sequence in a multi-task setup for semantic parsing with a focus on transfer learning. We explore three multi-task architectures for sequence-to-sequence modeling and compare their performance with an independently trained model. Our experiments show that the multi-task setup aids transfer learning from an auxiliary task with large labeled data to a target task with smaller labeled data. We see absolute accuracy gains ranging from 1.0% to 4.4% in our in- house data set, and we also see good gains ranging from 2.5% to 7.0% on the ATIS semantic parsing tasks with syntactic and semantic auxiliary tasks.	327
Is deep learning suitable for NLP problems like parsing or machine translation?	Personalization of Deep Learning  We discuss training techniques, objectives and metrics toward personalization of deep learning models. In machine learning, personalization addresses the goal of a trained model to target a particular individual by optimizing one or more performance metrics, while conforming to certain constraints.  To personalize, we investigate three methods of ``curriculum learning`` and two approaches for data grouping, i.e., augmenting the data of an individual by adding similar data identified with an auto-encoder. We show that both ``curriculuum learning'' and ``personalized'' data augmentation lead to improved performance on data of an individual. Mostly, this comes at the cost of reduced performance on a more general, broader dataset.	Personalization of Deep Learning  We discuss training techniques, objectives and metrics toward personalization of deep learning models. In machine learning, personalization addresses the goal of a trained model to target a particular individual by optimizing one or more performance metrics, while conforming to certain constraints.  To personalize, we investigate three methods of ``curriculum learning`` and two approaches for data grouping, i.e., augmenting the data of an individual by adding similar data identified with an auto-encoder. We show that both ``curriculuum learning'' and ``personalized'' data augmentation lead to improved performance on data of an individual. Mostly, this comes at the cost of reduced performance on a more general, broader dataset.	321
Is deep learning suitable for NLP problems like parsing or machine translation?	 But compilers in machine-learning frameworks lack a deep understanding of parallelism, causing them to lose performance by missing optimizations on parallel computation. This work studies how Tapir, a compiler intermediate representation (IR) that embeds parallelism into a mainstream compiler IR, can be incorporated into a compiler for machine learning to remedy this problem.	 But compilers in machine-learning frameworks lack a deep understanding of parallelism, causing them to lose performance by missing optimizations on parallel computation. This work studies how Tapir, a compiler intermediate representation (IR) that embeds parallelism into a mainstream compiler IR, can be incorporated into a compiler for machine learning to remedy this problem.	334
What is a simple explanation of a language model?	A Generalized Language Model in Tensor Space  In the literature, tensors have been effectively used for capturing the context information in language models. However, the existing methods usually adopt relatively-low order tensors, which have limited expressive power in modeling language. Developing a higher-order tensor representation is challenging, in terms of deriving an effective solution and showing its generality.	A Generalized Language Model in Tensor Space  In the literature, tensors have been effectively used for capturing the context information in language models. However, the existing methods usually adopt relatively-low order tensors, which have limited expressive power in modeling language. Developing a higher-order tensor representation is challenging, in terms of deriving an effective solution and showing its generality.	342
What is a simple explanation of a language model?	 In language models, perplexity is one of the most popular cost functions. In this study, we propose a fractional nonlinear programming model that finds the optimal perplexity value. The special structure of the model allows us to approximate it by a linear programming model that can be solved using the well-known simplex algorithm.  To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to use optimization techniques to find perplexity values in the language modeling literature. We apply our model to find hyperparameters of a language model and compare it to the grid search algorithm. Furthermore, we illustrating that it results in lower perplexity values. We perform this experiment on a real-world dataset from SwiftKey to validate our proposed approach.	 In language models, perplexity is one of the most popular cost functions. In this study, we propose a fractional nonlinear programming model that finds the optimal perplexity value. The special structure of the model allows us to approximate it by a linear programming model that can be solved using the well-known simplex algorithm.  To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to use optimization techniques to find perplexity values in the language modeling literature. We apply our model to find hyperparameters of a language model and compare it to the grid search algorithm. Furthermore, we illustrating that it results in lower perplexity values. We perform this experiment on a real-world dataset from SwiftKey to validate our proposed approach.	372
What is a simple explanation of a language model?	On Evaluating the Generalization of LSTM Models in Formal Languages  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are theoretically Turing-complete and established themselves as a dominant model for language processing. Yet, there still remains an uncertainty regarding their language learning capabilities. In this paper, we empirically evaluate the inductive learning capabilities of Long Short-Term Memory networks, a popular extension of simple RNNs, to learn simple formal languages, in particular $a^nb^n$, $a^nb^nc^n$, and $a^nb^nc^nd^n$.  We investigate the influence of various aspects of learning, such as training data regimes and model capacity, on the generalization to unobserved samples. We find striking differences in model performances under different training settings and highlight the need for careful analysis and assessment when making claims about the learning capabilities of neural network models.	On Evaluating the Generalization of LSTM Models in Formal Languages  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are theoretically Turing-complete and established themselves as a dominant model for language processing. Yet, there still remains an uncertainty regarding their language learning capabilities. In this paper, we empirically evaluate the inductive learning capabilities of Long Short-Term Memory networks, a popular extension of simple RNNs, to learn simple formal languages, in particular $a^nb^n$, $a^nb^nc^n$, and $a^nb^nc^nd^n$.  We investigate the influence of various aspects of learning, such as training data regimes and model capacity, on the generalization to unobserved samples. We find striking differences in model performances under different training settings and highlight the need for careful analysis and assessment when making claims about the learning capabilities of neural network models.	377
What is a simple explanation of a language model?	Explaining individual predictions when features are dependent: More   accurate approximations to Shapley values  Explaining complex or seemingly simple machine learning models is an important practical problem. We want to explain individual predictions from a complex machine learning model by learning simple, interpretable explanations.  Shapley values is a game theoretic concept that can be used for this purpose. The Shapley value framework has a series of desirable theoretical properties, and can in principle handle any predictive model. Kernel SHAP is a computationally efficient approximation to Shapley values in higher dimensions.	Explaining individual predictions when features are dependent: More   accurate approximations to Shapley values  Explaining complex or seemingly simple machine learning models is an important practical problem. We want to explain individual predictions from a complex machine learning model by learning simple, interpretable explanations.  Shapley values is a game theoretic concept that can be used for this purpose. The Shapley value framework has a series of desirable theoretical properties, and can in principle handle any predictive model. Kernel SHAP is a computationally efficient approximation to Shapley values in higher dimensions.	381
What is a simple explanation of a language model?	Language Models for Image Captioning: The Quirks and What Works  Two recent approaches have achieved state-of-the-art results in image captioning. The first uses a pipelined process where a set of candidate words is generated by a convolutional neural network (CNN) trained on images, and then a maximum entropy (ME) language model is used to arrange these words into a coherent sentence.	Language Models for Image Captioning: The Quirks and What Works  Two recent approaches have achieved state-of-the-art results in image captioning. The first uses a pipelined process where a set of candidate words is generated by a convolutional neural network (CNN) trained on images, and then a maximum entropy (ME) language model is used to arrange these words into a coherent sentence.	374
What is the definition of word embedding (word representation)?	Joint Embedding of Words and Labels for Text Classification  Word embeddings are effective intermediate representations for capturing semantic regularities between words, when learning the representations of text sequences. We propose to view text classification as a label-word joint embedding problem: each label is embedded in the same space with the word vectors.	Joint Embedding of Words and Labels for Text Classification  Word embeddings are effective intermediate representations for capturing semantic regularities between words, when learning the representations of text sequences. We propose to view text classification as a label-word joint embedding problem: each label is embedded in the same space with the word vectors.	255
What is the definition of word embedding (word representation)?	Deconstructing and reconstructing word embedding algorithms  Uncontextualized word embeddings are reliable feature representations of words used to obtain high quality results for various NLP applications. Given the historical success of word embeddings in NLP, we propose a retrospective on some of the most well-known word embedding algorithms.  In this work, we deconstruct Word2vec, GloVe, and others, into a common form, unveiling some of the necessary and sufficient conditions required for making performant word embeddings. We find that each algorithm: (1) fits vector-covector dot products to approximate pointwise mutual information (PMI); and, (2) modulates the loss gradient to balance weak and strong signals. We demonstrate that these two algorithmic features are sufficient conditions to construct a novel word embedding algorithm, Hilbert-MLE. We find that its embeddings obtain equivalent or better performance against other algorithms across 17 intrinsic and extrinsic datasets.	Deconstructing and reconstructing word embedding algorithms  Uncontextualized word embeddings are reliable feature representations of words used to obtain high quality results for various NLP applications. Given the historical success of word embeddings in NLP, we propose a retrospective on some of the most well-known word embedding algorithms.  In this work, we deconstruct Word2vec, GloVe, and others, into a common form, unveiling some of the necessary and sufficient conditions required for making performant word embeddings. We find that each algorithm: (1) fits vector-covector dot products to approximate pointwise mutual information (PMI); and, (2) modulates the loss gradient to balance weak and strong signals. We demonstrate that these two algorithmic features are sufficient conditions to construct a novel word embedding algorithm, Hilbert-MLE. We find that its embeddings obtain equivalent or better performance against other algorithms across 17 intrinsic and extrinsic datasets.	262
What is the definition of word embedding (word representation)?	Analysis of Word Embeddings Using Fuzzy Clustering  In data dominated systems and applications, a concept of representing words in a numerical format has gained a lot of attention. There are a few approaches used to generate such a representation. An interesting issue that should be considered is the ability of such representations - called embeddings - to imitate human-based semantic similarity between words.  In this study, we perform a fuzzy-based analysis of vector representations of words, i.e., word embeddings. We use two popular fuzzy clustering algorithms on count-based word embeddings, known as GloVe, of different dimensionality. Words from WordSim-353, called the gold standard, are represented as vectors and clustered.	Analysis of Word Embeddings Using Fuzzy Clustering  In data dominated systems and applications, a concept of representing words in a numerical format has gained a lot of attention. There are a few approaches used to generate such a representation. An interesting issue that should be considered is the ability of such representations - called embeddings - to imitate human-based semantic similarity between words.  In this study, we perform a fuzzy-based analysis of vector representations of words, i.e., word embeddings. We use two popular fuzzy clustering algorithms on count-based word embeddings, known as GloVe, of different dimensionality. Words from WordSim-353, called the gold standard, are represented as vectors and clustered.	270
What is the definition of word embedding (word representation)?	Linear Algebraic Structure of Word Senses, with Applications to Polysemy  Word embeddings are ubiquitous in NLP and information retrieval, but it is unclear what they represent when the word is polysemous. Here it is shown that multiple word senses reside in linear superposition within the word embedding and simple sparse coding can recover vectors that approximately capture the senses.  The success of our approach, which applies to several embedding methods, is mathematically explained using a variant of the random walk on discourses model (Arora et al., 2016). A novel aspect of our technique is that each extracted word sense is accompanied by one of about 2000 "discourse atoms" that gives a succinct description of which other words co-occur with that word sense. Discourse atoms can be of independent interest, and make the method potentially more useful. Empirical tests are used to verify and support the theory.	Linear Algebraic Structure of Word Senses, with Applications to Polysemy  Word embeddings are ubiquitous in NLP and information retrieval, but it is unclear what they represent when the word is polysemous. Here it is shown that multiple word senses reside in linear superposition within the word embedding and simple sparse coding can recover vectors that approximately capture the senses.  The success of our approach, which applies to several embedding methods, is mathematically explained using a variant of the random walk on discourses model (Arora et al., 2016). A novel aspect of our technique is that each extracted word sense is accompanied by one of about 2000 "discourse atoms" that gives a succinct description of which other words co-occur with that word sense. Discourse atoms can be of independent interest, and make the method potentially more useful. Empirical tests are used to verify and support the theory.	279
What is the definition of word embedding (word representation)?	 Then, based on this insight, we propose a novel framework WordRank that efficiently estimates word representations via robust ranking, in which the attention mechanism and robustness to noise are readily achieved via the DCG-like ranking losses. The performance of WordRank is measured in word similarity and word analogy benchmarks, and the results are compared to the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques.  Our algorithm is very competitive to the state-of-the- arts on large corpora, while outperforms them by a significant margin when the training set is limited (i.e., sparse and noisy). With 17 million tokens, WordRank performs almost as well as existing methods using 7.2 billion tokens on a popular word similarity benchmark. Our multi-node distributed implementation of WordRank is publicly available for general usage.	 Then, based on this insight, we propose a novel framework WordRank that efficiently estimates word representations via robust ranking, in which the attention mechanism and robustness to noise are readily achieved via the DCG-like ranking losses. The performance of WordRank is measured in word similarity and word analogy benchmarks, and the results are compared to the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques.  Our algorithm is very competitive to the state-of-the- arts on large corpora, while outperforms them by a significant margin when the training set is limited (i.e., sparse and noisy). With 17 million tokens, WordRank performs almost as well as existing methods using 7.2 billion tokens on a popular word similarity benchmark. Our multi-node distributed implementation of WordRank is publicly available for general usage.	275
How is Computational Linguistics different from Natural Language Processing?	Long-Short Range Context Neural Networks for Language Modeling  The goal of language modeling techniques is to capture the statistical and structural properties of natural languages from training corpora. This task typically involves the learning of short range dependencies, which generally model the syntactic properties of a language and/or long range dependencies, which are semantic in nature.  We propose in this paper a new multi-span architecture, which separately models the short and long context information while it dynamically merges them to perform the language modeling task. This is done through a novel recurrent Long-Short Range Context (LSRC) network, which explicitly models the local (short) and global (long) context using two separate hidden states that evolve in time.	Long-Short Range Context Neural Networks for Language Modeling  The goal of language modeling techniques is to capture the statistical and structural properties of natural languages from training corpora. This task typically involves the learning of short range dependencies, which generally model the syntactic properties of a language and/or long range dependencies, which are semantic in nature.  We propose in this paper a new multi-span architecture, which separately models the short and long context information while it dynamically merges them to perform the language modeling task. This is done through a novel recurrent Long-Short Range Context (LSRC) network, which explicitly models the local (short) and global (long) context using two separate hidden states that evolve in time.	320
How is Computational Linguistics different from Natural Language Processing?	 Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language.  NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed.	 Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language.  NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed.	313
How is Computational Linguistics different from Natural Language Processing?	Guiding Reinforcement Learning Exploration Using Natural Language  In this work we present a technique to use natural language to help reinforcement learning generalize to unseen environments. This technique uses neural machine translation, specifically the use of encoder-decoder networks, to learn associations between natural language behavior descriptions and state-action information.  We then use this learned model to guide agent exploration using a modified version of policy shaping to make it more effective at learning in unseen environments. We evaluate this technique using the popular arcade game, Frogger, under ideal and non-ideal conditions. This evaluation shows that our modified policy shaping algorithm improves over a Q-learning agent as well as a baseline version of policy shaping.	Guiding Reinforcement Learning Exploration Using Natural Language  In this work we present a technique to use natural language to help reinforcement learning generalize to unseen environments. This technique uses neural machine translation, specifically the use of encoder-decoder networks, to learn associations between natural language behavior descriptions and state-action information.  We then use this learned model to guide agent exploration using a modified version of policy shaping to make it more effective at learning in unseen environments. We evaluate this technique using the popular arcade game, Frogger, under ideal and non-ideal conditions. This evaluation shows that our modified policy shaping algorithm improves over a Q-learning agent as well as a baseline version of policy shaping.	315
How is Computational Linguistics different from Natural Language Processing?	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	281
How is Computational Linguistics different from Natural Language Processing?	TinyBERT: Distilling BERT for Natural Language Understanding  Language model pre-training, such as BERT, has significantly improved the performances of many natural language processing tasks. However, pre-trained language models are usually computationally expensive, so it is difficult to efficiently execute them on resource-restricted devices.  To accelerate inference and reduce model size while maintaining accuracy, we first propose a novel Transformer distillation method that is specially designed for knowledge distillation (KD) of the Transformer-based models. By leveraging this new KD method, the plenty of knowledge encoded in a large teacher BERT can be effectively transferred to a small student Tiny-BERT.	TinyBERT: Distilling BERT for Natural Language Understanding  Language model pre-training, such as BERT, has significantly improved the performances of many natural language processing tasks. However, pre-trained language models are usually computationally expensive, so it is difficult to efficiently execute them on resource-restricted devices.  To accelerate inference and reduce model size while maintaining accuracy, we first propose a novel Transformer distillation method that is specially designed for knowledge distillation (KD) of the Transformer-based models. By leveraging this new KD method, the plenty of knowledge encoded in a large teacher BERT can be effectively transferred to a small student Tiny-BERT.	318
Natural Language Processing: What is a useful method to generate vocabulary for large corpus of data?	Naturalizing a Programming Language via Interactive Learning  Our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well-specified but complex actions such as analyzing data, manipulating text, and querying databases. However, existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language.  To bridge this gap, we start with a core programming language and allow users to "naturalize" the core language incrementally by defining alternative, more natural syntax and increasingly complex concepts in terms of compositions of simpler ones. In a voxel world, we show that a community of users can simultaneously teach a common system a diverse language and use it to build hundreds of complex voxel structures. Over the course of three days, these users went from using only the core language to using the naturalized language in 85.9\% of the last 10K utterances.	Naturalizing a Programming Language via Interactive Learning  Our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well-specified but complex actions such as analyzing data, manipulating text, and querying databases. However, existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language.  To bridge this gap, we start with a core programming language and allow users to "naturalize" the core language incrementally by defining alternative, more natural syntax and increasingly complex concepts in terms of compositions of simpler ones. In a voxel world, we show that a community of users can simultaneously teach a common system a diverse language and use it to build hundreds of complex voxel structures. Over the course of three days, these users went from using only the core language to using the naturalized language in 85.9\% of the last 10K utterances.	250
Natural Language Processing: What is a useful method to generate vocabulary for large corpus of data?	XNLI: Evaluating Cross-lingual Sentence Representations  State-of-the-art natural language processing systems rely on supervision in the form of annotated data to learn competent models. These models are generally trained on data in a single language (usually English), and cannot be directly used beyond that language.  Since collecting data in every language is not realistic, there has been a growing interest in cross-lingual language understanding (XLU) and low-resource cross-language transfer. In this work, we construct an evaluation set for XLU by extending the development and test sets of the Multi-Genre Natural Language Inference Corpus (MultiNLI) to 15 languages, including low-resource languages such as Swahili and Urdu.	XNLI: Evaluating Cross-lingual Sentence Representations  State-of-the-art natural language processing systems rely on supervision in the form of annotated data to learn competent models. These models are generally trained on data in a single language (usually English), and cannot be directly used beyond that language.  Since collecting data in every language is not realistic, there has been a growing interest in cross-lingual language understanding (XLU) and low-resource cross-language transfer. In this work, we construct an evaluation set for XLU by extending the development and test sets of the Multi-Genre Natural Language Inference Corpus (MultiNLI) to 15 languages, including low-resource languages such as Swahili and Urdu.	264
Natural Language Processing: What is a useful method to generate vocabulary for large corpus of data?	Distilling BERT into Simple Neural Networks with Unlabeled Transfer Data  Recent advances in pre-training huge models on large amounts of text through self supervision have obtained state-of-the-art results in various natural language processing tasks. However, these huge and expensive models are difficult to use in practise for downstream tasks.  Some recent efforts use knowledge distillation to compress these models. However, we see a gap between the performance of the smaller student models as compared to that of the large teacher. In this work, we leverage large amounts of in-domain unlabeled transfer data in addition to a limited amount of labeled training instances to bridge this gap for distilling BERT.	Distilling BERT into Simple Neural Networks with Unlabeled Transfer Data  Recent advances in pre-training huge models on large amounts of text through self supervision have obtained state-of-the-art results in various natural language processing tasks. However, these huge and expensive models are difficult to use in practise for downstream tasks.  Some recent efforts use knowledge distillation to compress these models. However, we see a gap between the performance of the smaller student models as compared to that of the large teacher. In this work, we leverage large amounts of in-domain unlabeled transfer data in addition to a limited amount of labeled training instances to bridge this gap for distilling BERT.	262
Natural Language Processing: What is a useful method to generate vocabulary for large corpus of data?	Visualizing and Measuring the Geometry of BERT  Transformer architectures show significant promise for natural language processing. Given that a single pretrained model can be fine-tuned to perform well on many different tasks, these networks appear to extract generally useful linguistic features. A natural question is how such networks represent this information internally.  This paper describes qualitative and quantitative investigations of one particularly effective model, BERT. At a high level, linguistic features seem to be represented in separate semantic and syntactic subspaces. We find evidence of a fine-grained geometric representation of word senses. We also present empirical descriptions of syntactic representations in both attention matrices and individual word embeddings, as well as a mathematical argument to explain the geometry of these representations.	Visualizing and Measuring the Geometry of BERT  Transformer architectures show significant promise for natural language processing. Given that a single pretrained model can be fine-tuned to perform well on many different tasks, these networks appear to extract generally useful linguistic features. A natural question is how such networks represent this information internally.  This paper describes qualitative and quantitative investigations of one particularly effective model, BERT. At a high level, linguistic features seem to be represented in separate semantic and syntactic subspaces. We find evidence of a fine-grained geometric representation of word senses. We also present empirical descriptions of syntactic representations in both attention matrices and individual word embeddings, as well as a mathematical argument to explain the geometry of these representations.	268
Natural Language Processing: What is a useful method to generate vocabulary for large corpus of data?	 Other methods adapt techniques from natural language processing to obtain embeddings for the enterprise's relational data. However, this approach blindly treats a tuple as a sentence, thus losing a large amount of contextual information present in the tuple.   We propose algorithms for obtaining local embeddings that are effective for data integration tasks on relational databases.  We make four major contributions. First, we describe a compact graph-based representation that allows the specification of a rich set of relationships inherent in the relational world. Second, we propose how to derive sentences from such a graph that effectively "describe" the similarity across elements (tokens, attributes, rows) in the two datasets.	 Other methods adapt techniques from natural language processing to obtain embeddings for the enterprise's relational data. However, this approach blindly treats a tuple as a sentence, thus losing a large amount of contextual information present in the tuple.   We propose algorithms for obtaining local embeddings that are effective for data integration tasks on relational databases.  We make four major contributions. First, we describe a compact graph-based representation that allows the specification of a rich set of relationships inherent in the relational world. Second, we propose how to derive sentences from such a graph that effectively "describe" the similarity across elements (tokens, attributes, rows) in the two datasets.	250
How do I learn Natural Language Processing?	A Grammar-Based Structural CNN Decoder for Code Generation  Code generation maps a program description to executable source code in a programming language. Existing approaches mainly rely on a recurrent neural network (RNN) as the decoder. However, we find that a program contains significantly more tokens than a natural language sentence, and thus it may be inappropriate for RNN to capture such a long sequence.  In this paper, we propose a grammar-based structural convolutional neural network (CNN) for code generation. Our model generates a program by predicting the grammar rules of the programming language; we design several CNN modules, including the tree-based convolution and pre-order convolution, whose information is further aggregated by dedicated attentive pooling layers.	A Grammar-Based Structural CNN Decoder for Code Generation  Code generation maps a program description to executable source code in a programming language. Existing approaches mainly rely on a recurrent neural network (RNN) as the decoder. However, we find that a program contains significantly more tokens than a natural language sentence, and thus it may be inappropriate for RNN to capture such a long sequence.  In this paper, we propose a grammar-based structural convolutional neural network (CNN) for code generation. Our model generates a program by predicting the grammar rules of the programming language; we design several CNN modules, including the tree-based convolution and pre-order convolution, whose information is further aggregated by dedicated attentive pooling layers.	423
How do I learn Natural Language Processing?	 Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language.  NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed.	 Texts and audio are examples of natural language in daily life. In the natural language, many words disappear in time, on the other hand new words are derived. Therefore, while the process of natural language processing (NLP) is complex even for human, it is difficult to process in computer system. The area of linguistics examines how people use language.  NLP, which requires the collaboration of linguists and computer scientists, plays an important role in human computer interaction. Studies in NLP have increased with the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of linguistics. With the deep learning methods which are one of the artificial intelligence study areas, platforms close to natural language are being developed.	437
How do I learn Natural Language Processing?	Guiding Reinforcement Learning Exploration Using Natural Language  In this work we present a technique to use natural language to help reinforcement learning generalize to unseen environments. This technique uses neural machine translation, specifically the use of encoder-decoder networks, to learn associations between natural language behavior descriptions and state-action information.  We then use this learned model to guide agent exploration using a modified version of policy shaping to make it more effective at learning in unseen environments. We evaluate this technique using the popular arcade game, Frogger, under ideal and non-ideal conditions. This evaluation shows that our modified policy shaping algorithm improves over a Q-learning agent as well as a baseline version of policy shaping.	Guiding Reinforcement Learning Exploration Using Natural Language  In this work we present a technique to use natural language to help reinforcement learning generalize to unseen environments. This technique uses neural machine translation, specifically the use of encoder-decoder networks, to learn associations between natural language behavior descriptions and state-action information.  We then use this learned model to guide agent exploration using a modified version of policy shaping to make it more effective at learning in unseen environments. We evaluate this technique using the popular arcade game, Frogger, under ideal and non-ideal conditions. This evaluation shows that our modified policy shaping algorithm improves over a Q-learning agent as well as a baseline version of policy shaping.	409
How do I learn Natural Language Processing?	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	425
How do I learn Natural Language Processing?	Fine-grained Sentiment Classification using BERT  Sentiment classification is an important process in understanding people's perception towards a product, service, or topic. Many natural language processing models have been proposed to solve the sentiment classification problem. However, most of them have focused on binary sentiment classification.  In this paper, we use a promising deep learning model called BERT to solve the fine-grained sentiment classification task. Experiments show that our model outperforms other popular models for this task without sophisticated architecture. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of transfer learning in natural language processing in the process.	Fine-grained Sentiment Classification using BERT  Sentiment classification is an important process in understanding people's perception towards a product, service, or topic. Many natural language processing models have been proposed to solve the sentiment classification problem. However, most of them have focused on binary sentiment classification.  In this paper, we use a promising deep learning model called BERT to solve the fine-grained sentiment classification task. Experiments show that our model outperforms other popular models for this task without sophisticated architecture. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of transfer learning in natural language processing in the process.	426
Natural Language Processing: What are good algorithms related to sentiment analysis?	Naturalizing a Programming Language via Interactive Learning  Our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well-specified but complex actions such as analyzing data, manipulating text, and querying databases. However, existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language.  To bridge this gap, we start with a core programming language and allow users to "naturalize" the core language incrementally by defining alternative, more natural syntax and increasingly complex concepts in terms of compositions of simpler ones. In a voxel world, we show that a community of users can simultaneously teach a common system a diverse language and use it to build hundreds of complex voxel structures. Over the course of three days, these users went from using only the core language to using the naturalized language in 85.9\% of the last 10K utterances.	Naturalizing a Programming Language via Interactive Learning  Our goal is to create a convenient natural language interface for performing well-specified but complex actions such as analyzing data, manipulating text, and querying databases. However, existing natural language interfaces for such tasks are quite primitive compared to the power one wields with a programming language.  To bridge this gap, we start with a core programming language and allow users to "naturalize" the core language incrementally by defining alternative, more natural syntax and increasingly complex concepts in terms of compositions of simpler ones. In a voxel world, we show that a community of users can simultaneously teach a common system a diverse language and use it to build hundreds of complex voxel structures. Over the course of three days, these users went from using only the core language to using the naturalized language in 85.9\% of the last 10K utterances.	292
Natural Language Processing: What are good algorithms related to sentiment analysis?	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	289
Natural Language Processing: What are good algorithms related to sentiment analysis?	Fine-grained Sentiment Classification using BERT  Sentiment classification is an important process in understanding people's perception towards a product, service, or topic. Many natural language processing models have been proposed to solve the sentiment classification problem. However, most of them have focused on binary sentiment classification.  In this paper, we use a promising deep learning model called BERT to solve the fine-grained sentiment classification task. Experiments show that our model outperforms other popular models for this task without sophisticated architecture. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of transfer learning in natural language processing in the process.	Fine-grained Sentiment Classification using BERT  Sentiment classification is an important process in understanding people's perception towards a product, service, or topic. Many natural language processing models have been proposed to solve the sentiment classification problem. However, most of them have focused on binary sentiment classification.  In this paper, we use a promising deep learning model called BERT to solve the fine-grained sentiment classification task. Experiments show that our model outperforms other popular models for this task without sophisticated architecture. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of transfer learning in natural language processing in the process.	311
Natural Language Processing: What are good algorithms related to sentiment analysis?	A Structured Learning Approach to Temporal Relation Extraction  Identifying temporal relations between events is an essential step towards natural language understanding. However, the temporal relation between two events in a story depends on, and is often dictated by, relations among other events. Consequently, effectively identifying temporal relations between events is a challenging problem even for human annotators.  This paper suggests that it is important to take these dependencies into account while learning to identify these relations and proposes a structured learning approach to address this challenge. As a byproduct, this provides a new perspective on handling missing relations, a known issue that hurts existing methods. As we show, the proposed approach results in significant improvements on the two commonly used data sets for this problem.	A Structured Learning Approach to Temporal Relation Extraction  Identifying temporal relations between events is an essential step towards natural language understanding. However, the temporal relation between two events in a story depends on, and is often dictated by, relations among other events. Consequently, effectively identifying temporal relations between events is a challenging problem even for human annotators.  This paper suggests that it is important to take these dependencies into account while learning to identify these relations and proposes a structured learning approach to address this challenge. As a byproduct, this provides a new perspective on handling missing relations, a known issue that hurts existing methods. As we show, the proposed approach results in significant improvements on the two commonly used data sets for this problem.	301
Natural Language Processing: What are good algorithms related to sentiment analysis?	An Introductory Survey on Attention Mechanisms in NLP Problems  First derived from human intuition, later adapted to machine translation for automatic token alignment, attention mechanism, a simple method that can be used for encoding sequence data based on the importance score each element is assigned, has been widely applied to and attained significant improvement in various tasks in natural language processing, including sentiment classification, text summarization, question answering, dependency parsing, etc.  In this paper, we survey through recent works and conduct an introductory summary of the attention mechanism in different NLP problems, aiming to provide our readers with basic knowledge on this widely used method, discuss its different variants for different tasks, explore its association with other techniques in machine learning, and examine methods for evaluating its performance.	An Introductory Survey on Attention Mechanisms in NLP Problems  First derived from human intuition, later adapted to machine translation for automatic token alignment, attention mechanism, a simple method that can be used for encoding sequence data based on the importance score each element is assigned, has been widely applied to and attained significant improvement in various tasks in natural language processing, including sentiment classification, text summarization, question answering, dependency parsing, etc.  In this paper, we survey through recent works and conduct an introductory summary of the attention mechanism in different NLP problems, aiming to provide our readers with basic knowledge on this widely used method, discuss its different variants for different tasks, explore its association with other techniques in machine learning, and examine methods for evaluating its performance.	313
What makes natural language processing difficult?	A Generalized Language Model in Tensor Space  In the literature, tensors have been effectively used for capturing the context information in language models. However, the existing methods usually adopt relatively-low order tensors, which have limited expressive power in modeling language. Developing a higher-order tensor representation is challenging, in terms of deriving an effective solution and showing its generality.	A Generalized Language Model in Tensor Space  In the literature, tensors have been effectively used for capturing the context information in language models. However, the existing methods usually adopt relatively-low order tensors, which have limited expressive power in modeling language. Developing a higher-order tensor representation is challenging, in terms of deriving an effective solution and showing its generality.	384
What makes natural language processing difficult?	On the interaction between supervision and self-play in emergent   communication  A promising approach for teaching artificial agents to use natural language involves using human-in-the-loop training. However, recent work suggests that current machine learning methods are too data inefficient to be trained in this way from scratch.  In this paper, we investigate the relationship between two categories of learning signals with the ultimate goal of improving sample efficiency: imitating human language data via supervised learning, and maximizing reward in a simulated multi-agent environment via self-play (as done in emergent communication), and introduce the term supervised self-play (S2P) for algorithms using both of these signals.	On the interaction between supervision and self-play in emergent   communication  A promising approach for teaching artificial agents to use natural language involves using human-in-the-loop training. However, recent work suggests that current machine learning methods are too data inefficient to be trained in this way from scratch.  In this paper, we investigate the relationship between two categories of learning signals with the ultimate goal of improving sample efficiency: imitating human language data via supervised learning, and maximizing reward in a simulated multi-agent environment via self-play (as done in emergent communication), and introduce the term supervised self-play (S2P) for algorithms using both of these signals.	374
What makes natural language processing difficult?	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	Efficient Differentiable Programming in a Functional Array-Processing   Language  We present a system for the automatic differentiation of a higher-order functional array-processing language. The core functional language underlying this system simultaneously supports both source-to-source automatic differentiation and global optimizations such as loop transformations. Thanks to this feature, we demonstrate how for some real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks, the system outperforms the state-of-the-art automatic differentiation tools.	372
What makes natural language processing difficult?	 However, different tools exhibit different features and running performance when training different types of deep networks on different hardware platforms, which makes it difficult for end users to select an appropriate pair of software and hardware. In this paper, we aim to make a comparative study of the state-of-the-art GPU-accelerated deep learning software tools, including Caffe, CNTK, MXNet, TensorFlow, and Torch.  We first benchmark the running performance of these tools with three popular types of neural networks on two CPU platforms and three GPU platforms. We then benchmark some distributed versions on multiple GPUs. Our contribution is two-fold. First, for end users of deep learning tools, our benchmarking results can serve as a guide to selecting appropriate hardware platforms and software tools. Second, for software developers of deep learning tools, our in-depth analysis points out possible future directions to further optimize the running performance.	 However, different tools exhibit different features and running performance when training different types of deep networks on different hardware platforms, which makes it difficult for end users to select an appropriate pair of software and hardware. In this paper, we aim to make a comparative study of the state-of-the-art GPU-accelerated deep learning software tools, including Caffe, CNTK, MXNet, TensorFlow, and Torch.  We first benchmark the running performance of these tools with three popular types of neural networks on two CPU platforms and three GPU platforms. We then benchmark some distributed versions on multiple GPUs. Our contribution is two-fold. First, for end users of deep learning tools, our benchmarking results can serve as a guide to selecting appropriate hardware platforms and software tools. Second, for software developers of deep learning tools, our in-depth analysis points out possible future directions to further optimize the running performance.	360
What makes natural language processing difficult?	TinyBERT: Distilling BERT for Natural Language Understanding  Language model pre-training, such as BERT, has significantly improved the performances of many natural language processing tasks. However, pre-trained language models are usually computationally expensive, so it is difficult to efficiently execute them on resource-restricted devices.  To accelerate inference and reduce model size while maintaining accuracy, we first propose a novel Transformer distillation method that is specially designed for knowledge distillation (KD) of the Transformer-based models. By leveraging this new KD method, the plenty of knowledge encoded in a large teacher BERT can be effectively transferred to a small student Tiny-BERT.	TinyBERT: Distilling BERT for Natural Language Understanding  Language model pre-training, such as BERT, has significantly improved the performances of many natural language processing tasks. However, pre-trained language models are usually computationally expensive, so it is difficult to efficiently execute them on resource-restricted devices.  To accelerate inference and reduce model size while maintaining accuracy, we first propose a novel Transformer distillation method that is specially designed for knowledge distillation (KD) of the Transformer-based models. By leveraging this new KD method, the plenty of knowledge encoded in a large teacher BERT can be effectively transferred to a small student Tiny-BERT.	368
What are the ten most popular algorithms in natural language processing?	SenseBERT: Driving Some Sense into BERT  The ability to learn from large unlabeled corpora has allowed neural language models to advance the frontier in natural language understanding. However, existing self-supervision techniques operate at the word form level, which serves as a surrogate for the underlying semantic content.  This paper proposes a method to employ weak-supervision directly at the word sense level. Our model, named SenseBERT, is pre-trained to predict not only the masked words but also their WordNet supersenses. Accordingly, we attain a lexical-semantic level language model, without the use of human annotation. SenseBERT achieves significantly improved lexical understanding, as we demonstrate by experimenting on SemEval Word Sense Disambiguation, and by attaining a state of the art result on the Word in Context task.	SenseBERT: Driving Some Sense into BERT  The ability to learn from large unlabeled corpora has allowed neural language models to advance the frontier in natural language understanding. However, existing self-supervision techniques operate at the word form level, which serves as a surrogate for the underlying semantic content.  This paper proposes a method to employ weak-supervision directly at the word sense level. Our model, named SenseBERT, is pre-trained to predict not only the masked words but also their WordNet supersenses. Accordingly, we attain a lexical-semantic level language model, without the use of human annotation. SenseBERT achieves significantly improved lexical understanding, as we demonstrate by experimenting on SemEval Word Sense Disambiguation, and by attaining a state of the art result on the Word in Context task.	366
What are the ten most popular algorithms in natural language processing?	A Generalized Language Model in Tensor Space  In the literature, tensors have been effectively used for capturing the context information in language models. However, the existing methods usually adopt relatively-low order tensors, which have limited expressive power in modeling language. Developing a higher-order tensor representation is challenging, in terms of deriving an effective solution and showing its generality.	A Generalized Language Model in Tensor Space  In the literature, tensors have been effectively used for capturing the context information in language models. However, the existing methods usually adopt relatively-low order tensors, which have limited expressive power in modeling language. Developing a higher-order tensor representation is challenging, in terms of deriving an effective solution and showing its generality.	353
What are the ten most popular algorithms in natural language processing?	Attention in Natural Language Processing  Attention is an increasingly popular mechanism used in a wide range of neural architectures. The mechanism itself has been realized in a variety of formats. However, because of the fast-paced advances in this domain, a systematic overview of attention is still missing.  In this article, we define a unified model for attention architectures in natural language processing, with a focus on those designed to work with vector representations of the textual data. We propose a taxonomy of attention models according to four dimensions: the representation of the input, the compatibility function, the distribution function, and the multiplicity of the input and/or output. We present the examples of how prior information can be exploited in attention models and discuss ongoing research efforts and open challenges in the area, providing the first extensive categorization of the vast body of literature in this exciting domain.	Attention in Natural Language Processing  Attention is an increasingly popular mechanism used in a wide range of neural architectures. The mechanism itself has been realized in a variety of formats. However, because of the fast-paced advances in this domain, a systematic overview of attention is still missing.  In this article, we define a unified model for attention architectures in natural language processing, with a focus on those designed to work with vector representations of the textual data. We propose a taxonomy of attention models according to four dimensions: the representation of the input, the compatibility function, the distribution function, and the multiplicity of the input and/or output. We present the examples of how prior information can be exploited in attention models and discuss ongoing research efforts and open challenges in the area, providing the first extensive categorization of the vast body of literature in this exciting domain.	368
What are the ten most popular algorithms in natural language processing?	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	355
What are the ten most popular algorithms in natural language processing?	The Importance of Generation Order in Language Modeling  Neural language models are a critical component of state-of-the-art systems for machine translation, summarization, audio transcription, and other tasks. These language models are almost universally autoregressive in nature, generating sentences one token at a time from left to right.  This paper studies the influence of token generation order on model quality via a novel two-pass language model that produces partially-filled sentence "templates" and then fills in missing tokens. We compare various strategies for structuring these two passes and observe a surprisingly large variation in model quality. We find the most effective strategy generates function words in the first pass followed by content words in the second. We believe these experimental results justify a more extensive investigation of generation order for neural language models.	The Importance of Generation Order in Language Modeling  Neural language models are a critical component of state-of-the-art systems for machine translation, summarization, audio transcription, and other tasks. These language models are almost universally autoregressive in nature, generating sentences one token at a time from left to right.  This paper studies the influence of token generation order on model quality via a novel two-pass language model that produces partially-filled sentence "templates" and then fills in missing tokens. We compare various strategies for structuring these two passes and observe a surprisingly large variation in model quality. We find the most effective strategy generates function words in the first pass followed by content words in the second. We believe these experimental results justify a more extensive investigation of generation order for neural language models.	337
What is the most interesting new work in deep learning for NLP in 2017?	Interpreting Deep Learning: The Machine Learning Rorschach Test?  Theoretical understanding of deep learning is one of the most important tasks facing the statistics and machine learning communities. While deep neural networks (DNNs) originated as engineering methods and models of biological networks in neuroscience and psychology, they have quickly become a centerpiece of the machine learning toolbox.  Unfortunately, DNN adoption powered by recent successes combined with the open-source nature of the machine learning community, has outpaced our theoretical understanding. We cannot reliably identify when and why DNNs will make mistakes. In some applications like text translation these mistakes may be comical and provide for fun fodder in research talks, a single error can be very costly in tasks like medical imaging.	Interpreting Deep Learning: The Machine Learning Rorschach Test?  Theoretical understanding of deep learning is one of the most important tasks facing the statistics and machine learning communities. While deep neural networks (DNNs) originated as engineering methods and models of biological networks in neuroscience and psychology, they have quickly become a centerpiece of the machine learning toolbox.  Unfortunately, DNN adoption powered by recent successes combined with the open-source nature of the machine learning community, has outpaced our theoretical understanding. We cannot reliably identify when and why DNNs will make mistakes. In some applications like text translation these mistakes may be comical and provide for fun fodder in research talks, a single error can be very costly in tasks like medical imaging.	376
What is the most interesting new work in deep learning for NLP in 2017?	Why does Deep Learning work? - A perspective from Group Theory  Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.    One factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called pre-training: first search for a good generative model for the input samples, and repeat the process one layer at a time. We show deeper implications of this simple principle, by establishing a connection with the interplay of orbits and stabilizers of group actions.	Why does Deep Learning work? - A perspective from Group Theory  Why does Deep Learning work? What representations does it capture? How do higher-order representations emerge? We study these questions from the perspective of group theory, thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of Deep learning.    One factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called pre-training: first search for a good generative model for the input samples, and repeat the process one layer at a time. We show deeper implications of this simple principle, by establishing a connection with the interplay of orbits and stabilizers of group actions.	374
What is the most interesting new work in deep learning for NLP in 2017?	 Since 2010, novel deep learning algorithms have been applied increasingly in this field. In this paper, we review the literature on human affect recognition between 2010 and 2017, with a special focus on approaches using deep neural networks. By classifying a total of 950 studies according to their usage of shallow or deep architectures, we are able to show a trend towards deep learning.  Reviewing a subset of 233 studies that employ deep neural networks, we comprehensively quantify their applications in this field. We find that deep learning is used for learning of (i) spatial feature representations, (ii) temporal feature representations, and (iii) joint feature representations for multimodal sensor data. Exemplary state-of-the-art architectures illustrate the progress. Our findings show the role deep architectures will play in human affect recognition, and can serve as a reference point for researchers working on related applications.	 Reviewing a subset of 233 studies that employ deep neural networks, we comprehensively quantify their applications in this field. We find that deep learning is used for learning of (i) spatial feature representations, (ii) temporal feature representations, and (iii) joint feature representations for multimodal sensor data. Exemplary state-of-the-art architectures illustrate the progress. Our findings show the role deep architectures will play in human affect recognition, and can serve as a reference point for researchers working on related applications.	373
What is the most interesting new work in deep learning for NLP in 2017?	Cognitive Deep Machine Can Train Itself  Machine learning is making substantial progress in diverse applications. The success is mostly due to advances in deep learning. However, deep learning can make mistakes and its generalization abilities to new tasks are questionable. We ask when and how one can combine network outputs, when (i) details of the observations are evaluated by learned deep components and (ii) facts and confirmation rules are available in knowledge based systems.  We show that in limited contexts the required number of training samples can be low and self-improvement of pre-trained networks in more general context is possible. We argue that the combination of sparse outlier detection with deep components that can support each other diminish the fragility of deep methods, an important requirement for engineering applications.	Cognitive Deep Machine Can Train Itself  Machine learning is making substantial progress in diverse applications. The success is mostly due to advances in deep learning. However, deep learning can make mistakes and its generalization abilities to new tasks are questionable. We ask when and how one can combine network outputs, when (i) details of the observations are evaluated by learned deep components and (ii) facts and confirmation rules are available in knowledge based systems.  We show that in limited contexts the required number of training samples can be low and self-improvement of pre-trained networks in more general context is possible. We argue that the combination of sparse outlier detection with deep components that can support each other diminish the fragility of deep methods, an important requirement for engineering applications.	368
What is the most interesting new work in deep learning for NLP in 2017?	 Despite the enormous success of deep learning, relatively little is understood theoretically about why these techniques are so successful at feature learning and compression. Here, we show that deep learning is intimately related to one of the most important and successful techniques in theoretical physics, the renormalization group (RG).  RG is an iterative coarse-graining scheme that allows for the extraction of relevant features (i.e. operators) as a physical system is examined at different length scales. We construct an exact mapping from the variational renormalization group, first introduced by Kadanoff, and deep learning architectures based on Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBMs). We illustrate these ideas using the nearest-neighbor Ising Model in one and two-dimensions. Our results suggests that deep learning algorithms may be employing a generalized RG-like scheme to learn relevant features from data.	 Despite the enormous success of deep learning, relatively little is understood theoretically about why these techniques are so successful at feature learning and compression. Here, we show that deep learning is intimately related to one of the most important and successful techniques in theoretical physics, the renormalization group (RG).  RG is an iterative coarse-graining scheme that allows for the extraction of relevant features (i.e. operators) as a physical system is examined at different length scales. We construct an exact mapping from the variational renormalization group, first introduced by Kadanoff, and deep learning architectures based on Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBMs). We illustrate these ideas using the nearest-neighbor Ising Model in one and two-dimensions. Our results suggests that deep learning algorithms may be employing a generalized RG-like scheme to learn relevant features from data.	354
How is word2vec different from the RNN encoder decoder?	Character-Aware Attention-Based End-to-End Speech Recognition  Predicting words and subword units (WSUs) as the output has shown to be effective for the attention-based encoder-decoder (AED) model in end-to-end speech recognition. However, as one input to the decoder recurrent neural network (RNN), each WSU embedding is learned independently through context and acoustic information in a purely data-driven fashion.  Little effort has been made to explicitly model the morphological relationships among WSUs. In this work, we propose a novel character-aware (CA) AED model in which each WSU embedding is computed by summarizing the embeddings of its constituent characters using a CA-RNN. This WSU-independent CA-RNN is jointly trained with the encoder, the decoder and the attention network of a conventional AED to predict WSUs.	Character-Aware Attention-Based End-to-End Speech Recognition  Predicting words and subword units (WSUs) as the output has shown to be effective for the attention-based encoder-decoder (AED) model in end-to-end speech recognition. However, as one input to the decoder recurrent neural network (RNN), each WSU embedding is learned independently through context and acoustic information in a purely data-driven fashion.  Little effort has been made to explicitly model the morphological relationships among WSUs. In this work, we propose a novel character-aware (CA) AED model in which each WSU embedding is computed by summarizing the embeddings of its constituent characters using a CA-RNN. This WSU-independent CA-RNN is jointly trained with the encoder, the decoder and the attention network of a conventional AED to predict WSUs.	340
How is word2vec different from the RNN encoder decoder?	A Grammar-Based Structural CNN Decoder for Code Generation  Code generation maps a program description to executable source code in a programming language. Existing approaches mainly rely on a recurrent neural network (RNN) as the decoder. However, we find that a program contains significantly more tokens than a natural language sentence, and thus it may be inappropriate for RNN to capture such a long sequence.  In this paper, we propose a grammar-based structural convolutional neural network (CNN) for code generation. Our model generates a program by predicting the grammar rules of the programming language; we design several CNN modules, including the tree-based convolution and pre-order convolution, whose information is further aggregated by dedicated attentive pooling layers.	A Grammar-Based Structural CNN Decoder for Code Generation  Code generation maps a program description to executable source code in a programming language. Existing approaches mainly rely on a recurrent neural network (RNN) as the decoder. However, we find that a program contains significantly more tokens than a natural language sentence, and thus it may be inappropriate for RNN to capture such a long sequence.  In this paper, we propose a grammar-based structural convolutional neural network (CNN) for code generation. Our model generates a program by predicting the grammar rules of the programming language; we design several CNN modules, including the tree-based convolution and pre-order convolution, whose information is further aggregated by dedicated attentive pooling layers.	291
How is word2vec different from the RNN encoder decoder?	Dependency Recurrent Neural Language Models for Sentence Completion  Recent work on language modelling has shifted focus from count-based models to neural models. In these works, the words in each sentence are always considered in a left-to-right order. In this paper we show how we can improve the performance of the recurrent neural network (RNN) language model by incorporating the syntactic dependencies of a sentence, which have the effect of bringing relevant contexts closer to the word being predicted. We evaluate our approach on the Microsoft Research Sentence Completion Challenge and show that the dependency RNN proposed improves over the RNN by about 10 points in accuracy. Furthermore, we achieve results comparable with the state-of-the-art models on this task.	Dependency Recurrent Neural Language Models for Sentence Completion  Recent work on language modelling has shifted focus from count-based models to neural models. In these works, the words in each sentence are always considered in a left-to-right order. In this paper we show how we can improve the performance of the recurrent neural network (RNN) language model by incorporating the syntactic dependencies of a sentence, which have the effect of bringing relevant contexts closer to the word being predicted. We evaluate our approach on the Microsoft Research Sentence Completion Challenge and show that the dependency RNN proposed improves over the RNN by about 10 points in accuracy. Furthermore, we achieve results comparable with the state-of-the-art models on this task.	344
How is word2vec different from the RNN encoder decoder?	Rnn-transducer with language bias for end-to-end Mandarin-English   code-switching speech recognition  Recently, language identity information has been utilized to improve the performance of end-to-end code-switching (CS) speech recognition. However, previous works use an additional language identification (LID) model as an auxiliary module, which causes the system complex.  In this work, we propose an improved recurrent neural network transducer (RNN-T) model with language bias to alleviate the problem. We use the language identities to bias the model to predict the CS points. This promotes the model to learn the language identity information directly from transcription, and no additional LID model is needed. We evaluate the approach on a Mandarin-English CS corpus SEAME. Compared to our RNN-T baseline, the proposed method can achieve 16.2% and 12.9% relative error reduction on two test sets, respectively.	Rnn-transducer with language bias for end-to-end Mandarin-English   code-switching speech recognition  Recently, language identity information has been utilized to improve the performance of end-to-end code-switching (CS) speech recognition. However, previous works use an additional language identification (LID) model as an auxiliary module, which causes the system complex.  In this work, we propose an improved recurrent neural network transducer (RNN-T) model with language bias to alleviate the problem. We use the language identities to bias the model to predict the CS points. This promotes the model to learn the language identity information directly from transcription, and no additional LID model is needed. We evaluate the approach on a Mandarin-English CS corpus SEAME. Compared to our RNN-T baseline, the proposed method can achieve 16.2% and 12.9% relative error reduction on two test sets, respectively.	323
How is word2vec different from the RNN encoder decoder?	 This framework consists of a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) encoder and an RNN decoder, which respectively transforms the variable-length audio sequence into a fixed-length vector and reconstructs the input sequence on the generated vector. After training the encoder-decoder, we feed the audio sequences to the encoder and then take the learnt vectors as the audio sequence representations.  Compared with previous methods, the proposed method can not only deal with the problem of arbitrary-lengths of audio streams, but also learn the salient information of the sequence. Extensive evaluation on a large-size acoustic event database is performed, and the empirical results demonstrate that the learnt audio sequence representation yields a significant performance improvement by a large margin compared with other state-of-the-art hand-crafted sequence features for AEC.	 This framework consists of a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) encoder and an RNN decoder, which respectively transforms the variable-length audio sequence into a fixed-length vector and reconstructs the input sequence on the generated vector. After training the encoder-decoder, we feed the audio sequences to the encoder and then take the learnt vectors as the audio sequence representations.  Compared with previous methods, the proposed method can not only deal with the problem of arbitrary-lengths of audio streams, but also learn the salient information of the sequence. Extensive evaluation on a large-size acoustic event database is performed, and the empirical results demonstrate that the learnt audio sequence representation yields a significant performance improvement by a large margin compared with other state-of-the-art hand-crafted sequence features for AEC.	320
How does word2vec work?	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors.  Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory.	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors.  Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory.	392
How does word2vec work?	Context encoders as a simple but powerful extension of word2vec  With a simple architecture and the ability to learn meaningful word embeddings efficiently from texts containing billions of words, word2vec remains one of the most popular neural language models used today. However, as only a single embedding is learned for every word in the vocabulary, the model fails to optimally represent words with multiple meanings.  Additionally, it is not possible to create embeddings for new (out-of-vocabulary) words on the spot. Based on an intuitive interpretation of the continuous bag-of-words (CBOW) word2vec model's negative sampling training objective in terms of predicting context based similarities, we motivate an extension of the model we call context encoders (ConEc).	Context encoders as a simple but powerful extension of word2vec  With a simple architecture and the ability to learn meaningful word embeddings efficiently from texts containing billions of words, word2vec remains one of the most popular neural language models used today. However, as only a single embedding is learned for every word in the vocabulary, the model fails to optimally represent words with multiple meanings.  Additionally, it is not possible to create embeddings for new (out-of-vocabulary) words on the spot. Based on an intuitive interpretation of the continuous bag-of-words (CBOW) word2vec model's negative sampling training objective in terms of predicting context based similarities, we motivate an extension of the model we call context encoders (ConEc).	432
How does word2vec work?	Integrating Lexical Knowledge in Word Embeddings using Sprinkling and   Retrofitting  Neural network based word embeddings, such as Word2Vec and GloVe, are purely data driven in that they capture the distributional information about words from the training corpus. Past works have attempted to improve these embeddings by incorporating semantic knowledge from lexical resources like WordNet.  Some techniques like retrofitting modify word embeddings in the post-processing stage while some others use a joint learning approach by modifying the objective function of neural networks. In this paper, we discuss two novel approaches for incorporating semantic knowledge into word embeddings. In the first approach, we take advantage of Levy et al's work which showed that using SVD based methods on co-occurrence matrix provide similar performance to neural network based embeddings.	Integrating Lexical Knowledge in Word Embeddings using Sprinkling and   Retrofitting  Neural network based word embeddings, such as Word2Vec and GloVe, are purely data driven in that they capture the distributional information about words from the training corpus. Past works have attempted to improve these embeddings by incorporating semantic knowledge from lexical resources like WordNet.  Some techniques like retrofitting modify word embeddings in the post-processing stage while some others use a joint learning approach by modifying the objective function of neural networks. In this paper, we discuss two novel approaches for incorporating semantic knowledge into word embeddings. In the first approach, we take advantage of Levy et al's work which showed that using SVD based methods on co-occurrence matrix provide similar performance to neural network based embeddings.	436
How does word2vec work?	Adversarial Training of Word2Vec for Basket Completion  In recent years, the Word2Vec model trained with the Negative Sampling loss function has shown state-of-the-art results in a number of machine learning tasks, including language modeling tasks, such as word analogy and word similarity, and in recommendation tasks, through Prod2Vec, an extension that applies to modeling user shopping activity and user preferences.	Adversarial Training of Word2Vec for Basket Completion  In recent years, the Word2Vec model trained with the Negative Sampling loss function has shown state-of-the-art results in a number of machine learning tasks, including language modeling tasks, such as word analogy and word similarity, and in recommendation tasks, through Prod2Vec, an extension that applies to modeling user shopping activity and user preferences.	440
How does word2vec work?	word2vec Explained: deriving Mikolov et al.'s negative-sampling   word-embedding method  The word2vec software of Tomas Mikolov and colleagues (https://code.google.com/p/word2vec/ ) has gained a lot of traction lately, and provides state-of-the-art word embeddings. The learning models behind the software are described in two research papers.  We found the description of the models in these papers to be somewhat cryptic and hard to follow. While the motivations and presentation may be obvious to the neural-networks language-modeling crowd, we had to struggle quite a bit to figure out the rationale behind the equations.   This note is an attempt to explain equation (4) (negative sampling) in "Distributed Representations of Words and Phrases and their Compositionality" by Tomas Mikolov, Ilya Sutskever, Kai Chen, Greg Corrado and Jeffrey Dean.	word2vec Explained: deriving Mikolov et al.'s negative-sampling   word-embedding method  The word2vec software of Tomas Mikolov and colleagues (https://code.google.com/p/word2vec/ ) has gained a lot of traction lately, and provides state-of-the-art word embeddings. The learning models behind the software are described in two research papers.  We found the description of the models in these papers to be somewhat cryptic and hard to follow. While the motivations and presentation may be obvious to the neural-networks language-modeling crowd, we had to struggle quite a bit to figure out the rationale behind the equations.   This note is an attempt to explain equation (4) (negative sampling) in "Distributed Representations of Words and Phrases and their Compositionality" by Tomas Mikolov, Ilya Sutskever, Kai Chen, Greg Corrado and Jeffrey Dean.	444
Whats the difference between word vectors, word representations and vector embeddings?	Counter-fitting Word Vectors to Linguistic Constraints  In this work, we present a novel counter-fitting method which injects antonymy and synonymy constraints into vector space representations in order to improve the vectors' capability for judging semantic similarity. Applying this method to publicly available pre-trained word vectors leads to a new state of the art performance on the SimLex-999 dataset. We also show how the method can be used to tailor the word vector space for the downstream task of dialogue state tracking, resulting in robust improvements across different dialogue domains.	Counter-fitting Word Vectors to Linguistic Constraints  In this work, we present a novel counter-fitting method which injects antonymy and synonymy constraints into vector space representations in order to improve the vectors' capability for judging semantic similarity. Applying this method to publicly available pre-trained word vectors leads to a new state of the art performance on the SimLex-999 dataset. We also show how the method can be used to tailor the word vector space for the downstream task of dialogue state tracking, resulting in robust improvements across different dialogue domains.	325
Whats the difference between word vectors, word representations and vector embeddings?	Understanding Composition of Word Embeddings via Tensor Decomposition  Word embedding is a powerful tool in natural language processing. In this paper we consider the problem of word embedding composition \--- given vector representations of two words, compute a vector for the entire phrase. We give a generative model that can capture specific syntactic relations between words.  Under our model, we prove that the correlations between three words (measured by their PMI) form a tensor that has an approximate low rank Tucker decomposition. The result of the Tucker decomposition gives the word embeddings as well as a core tensor, which can be used to produce better compositions of the word embeddings. We also complement our theoretical results with experiments that verify our assumptions, and demonstrate the effectiveness of the new composition method.	Understanding Composition of Word Embeddings via Tensor Decomposition  Word embedding is a powerful tool in natural language processing. In this paper we consider the problem of word embedding composition \--- given vector representations of two words, compute a vector for the entire phrase. We give a generative model that can capture specific syntactic relations between words.  Under our model, we prove that the correlations between three words (measured by their PMI) form a tensor that has an approximate low rank Tucker decomposition. The result of the Tucker decomposition gives the word embeddings as well as a core tensor, which can be used to produce better compositions of the word embeddings. We also complement our theoretical results with experiments that verify our assumptions, and demonstrate the effectiveness of the new composition method.	311
Whats the difference between word vectors, word representations and vector embeddings?	Word Embeddings: A Survey  This work lists and describes the main recent strategies for building fixed-length, dense and distributed representations for words, based on the distributional hypothesis. These representations are now commonly called word embeddings and, in addition to encoding surprisingly good syntactic and semantic information, have been proven useful as extra features in many downstream NLP tasks.	Word Embeddings: A Survey  This work lists and describes the main recent strategies for building fixed-length, dense and distributed representations for words, based on the distributional hypothesis. These representations are now commonly called word embeddings and, in addition to encoding surprisingly good syntactic and semantic information, have been proven useful as extra features in many downstream NLP tasks.	323
Whats the difference between word vectors, word representations and vector embeddings?	Unsupervised Post-processing of Word Vectors via Conceptor Negation  Word vectors are at the core of many natural language processing tasks. Recently, there has been interest in post-processing word vectors to enrich their semantic information. In this paper, we introduce a novel word vector post-processing technique based on matrix conceptors (Jaeger2014), a family of regularized identity maps.	Unsupervised Post-processing of Word Vectors via Conceptor Negation  Word vectors are at the core of many natural language processing tasks. Recently, there has been interest in post-processing word vectors to enrich their semantic information. In this paper, we introduce a novel word vector post-processing technique based on matrix conceptors (Jaeger2014), a family of regularized identity maps.	316
Whats the difference between word vectors, word representations and vector embeddings?	 Recently, efficient methods have been proposed to learn word embeddings from context that captures both semantic and syntactic relationships between words. However, it is challenging to handle unseen words or rare words with insufficient context. In this paper, inspired by the study on word recognition process in cognitive psychology, we propose to take advantage of seemingly less obvious but essentially important morphological knowledge to address these challenges.	 Recently, efficient methods have been proposed to learn word embeddings from context that captures both semantic and syntactic relationships between words. However, it is challenging to handle unseen words or rare words with insufficient context. In this paper, inspired by the study on word recognition process in cognitive psychology, we propose to take advantage of seemingly less obvious but essentially important morphological knowledge to address these challenges.	303
What are some interesting Word2Vec results?	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors.  Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory.	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors.  Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory.	297
What are some interesting Word2Vec results?	Application of Word2vec in Phoneme Recognition  In this paper, we present how to hybridize a Word2vec model and an attention-based end-to-end speech recognition model. We build a phoneme recognition system based on Listen, Attend and Spell model. And the phoneme recognition model uses a word2vec model to initialize the embedding matrix for the improvement of the performance, which can increase the distance among the phoneme vectors.  At the same time, in order to solve the problem of overfitting in the 61 phoneme recognition model on TIMIT dataset, we propose a new training method. A 61-39 phoneme mapping comparison table is used to inverse map the phonemes of the dataset to generate more 61 phoneme training data. At the end of training, replace the dataset with a standard dataset for corrective training. Our model can achieve the best result under the TIMIT dataset which is 16.5% PER (Phoneme Error Rate).	Application of Word2vec in Phoneme Recognition  In this paper, we present how to hybridize a Word2vec model and an attention-based end-to-end speech recognition model. We build a phoneme recognition system based on Listen, Attend and Spell model. And the phoneme recognition model uses a word2vec model to initialize the embedding matrix for the improvement of the performance, which can increase the distance among the phoneme vectors.  At the same time, in order to solve the problem of overfitting in the 61 phoneme recognition model on TIMIT dataset, we propose a new training method. A 61-39 phoneme mapping comparison table is used to inverse map the phonemes of the dataset to generate more 61 phoneme training data. At the end of training, replace the dataset with a standard dataset for corrective training. Our model can achieve the best result under the TIMIT dataset which is 16.5% PER (Phoneme Error Rate).	324
What are some interesting Word2Vec results?	Integrating Lexical Knowledge in Word Embeddings using Sprinkling and   Retrofitting  Neural network based word embeddings, such as Word2Vec and GloVe, are purely data driven in that they capture the distributional information about words from the training corpus. Past works have attempted to improve these embeddings by incorporating semantic knowledge from lexical resources like WordNet.  Some techniques like retrofitting modify word embeddings in the post-processing stage while some others use a joint learning approach by modifying the objective function of neural networks. In this paper, we discuss two novel approaches for incorporating semantic knowledge into word embeddings. In the first approach, we take advantage of Levy et al's work which showed that using SVD based methods on co-occurrence matrix provide similar performance to neural network based embeddings.	Integrating Lexical Knowledge in Word Embeddings using Sprinkling and   Retrofitting  Neural network based word embeddings, such as Word2Vec and GloVe, are purely data driven in that they capture the distributional information about words from the training corpus. Past works have attempted to improve these embeddings by incorporating semantic knowledge from lexical resources like WordNet.  Some techniques like retrofitting modify word embeddings in the post-processing stage while some others use a joint learning approach by modifying the objective function of neural networks. In this paper, we discuss two novel approaches for incorporating semantic knowledge into word embeddings. In the first approach, we take advantage of Levy et al's work which showed that using SVD based methods on co-occurrence matrix provide similar performance to neural network based embeddings.	297
What are some interesting Word2Vec results?	Topic2Vec: Learning Distributed Representations of Topics  Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) mining thematic structure of documents plays an important role in nature language processing and machine learning areas. However, the probability distribution from LDA only describes the statistical relationship of occurrences in the corpus and usually in practice, probability is not the best choice for feature representations.  Recently, embedding methods have been proposed to represent words and documents by learning essential concepts and representations, such as Word2Vec and Doc2Vec. The embedded representations have shown more effectiveness than LDA-style representations in many tasks. In this paper, we propose the Topic2Vec approach which can learn topic representations in the same semantic vector space with words, as an alternative to probability. The experimental results show that Topic2Vec achieves interesting and meaningful results.	 Recently, embedding methods have been proposed to represent words and documents by learning essential concepts and representations, such as Word2Vec and Doc2Vec. The embedded representations have shown more effectiveness than LDA-style representations in many tasks. In this paper, we propose the Topic2Vec approach which can learn topic representations in the same semantic vector space with words, as an alternative to probability. The experimental results show that Topic2Vec achieves interesting and meaningful results.	321
What are some interesting Word2Vec results?	Using Multi-Sense Vector Embeddings for Reverse Dictionaries  Popular word embedding methods such as word2vec and GloVe assign a single vector representation to each word, even if a word has multiple distinct meanings. Multi-sense embeddings instead provide different vectors for each sense of a word.  However, they typically cannot serve as a drop-in replacement for conventional single-sense embeddings, because the correct sense vector needs to be selected for each word. In this work, we study the effect of multi-sense embeddings on the task of reverse dictionaries. We propose a technique to easily integrate them into an existing neural network architecture using an attention mechanism. Our experiments demonstrate that large improvements can be obtained when employing multi-sense embeddings both in the input sequence as well as for the target representation. An analysis of the sense distributions and of the learned attention is provided as well.	Using Multi-Sense Vector Embeddings for Reverse Dictionaries  Popular word embedding methods such as word2vec and GloVe assign a single vector representation to each word, even if a word has multiple distinct meanings. Multi-sense embeddings instead provide different vectors for each sense of a word.  However, they typically cannot serve as a drop-in replacement for conventional single-sense embeddings, because the correct sense vector needs to be selected for each word. In this work, we study the effect of multi-sense embeddings on the task of reverse dictionaries. We propose a technique to easily integrate them into an existing neural network architecture using an attention mechanism. Our experiments demonstrate that large improvements can be obtained when employing multi-sense embeddings both in the input sequence as well as for the target representation. An analysis of the sense distributions and of the learned attention is provided as well.	319
How do I measure the semantic similarity between two documents?	 This paper focuses on adding an in- terpretable layer on top of Semantic Textual Similarity (STS), which measures the degree of semantic equivalence between two sentences. The interpretability layer is formalized as the alignment between pairs of segments across the two sentences, where the relation between the segments is labeled with a relation type and a similarity score.  We present a publicly available dataset of sentence pairs annotated following the formalization. We then develop a system trained on this dataset which, given a sentence pair, explains what is similar and different, in the form of graded and typed segment alignments. When evaluated on the dataset, the system performs better than an informed baseline, showing that the dataset and task are well-defined and feasible.	 This paper focuses on adding an in- terpretable layer on top of Semantic Textual Similarity (STS), which measures the degree of semantic equivalence between two sentences. The interpretability layer is formalized as the alignment between pairs of segments across the two sentences, where the relation between the segments is labeled with a relation type and a similarity score.  We present a publicly available dataset of sentence pairs annotated following the formalization. We then develop a system trained on this dataset which, given a sentence pair, explains what is similar and different, in the form of graded and typed segment alignments. When evaluated on the dataset, the system performs better than an informed baseline, showing that the dataset and task are well-defined and feasible.	311
How do I measure the semantic similarity between two documents?	 In our practice of embedding real-world multi-view networks, we explicitly identify two such objectives, which we refer to as preservation and collaboration. The in-depth analysis of these two objectives is discussed throughout this paper. In addition, the mvn2vec algorithms are proposed to (i) study how varied extent of preservation and collaboration can impact embedding learning and (ii) explore the feasibility of achieving better embedding quality by modeling them simultaneously.	 In our practice of embedding real-world multi-view networks, we explicitly identify two such objectives, which we refer to as preservation and collaboration. The in-depth analysis of these two objectives is discussed throughout this paper. In addition, the mvn2vec algorithms are proposed to (i) study how varied extent of preservation and collaboration can impact embedding learning and (ii) explore the feasibility of achieving better embedding quality by modeling them simultaneously.	305
How do I measure the semantic similarity between two documents?	 These two types of patterns are complementary. In this paper, we propose a generative topic embedding model to combine the two types of patterns. In our model, topics are represented by embedding vectors, and are shared across documents. The probability of each word is influenced by both its local context and its topic.  A variational inference method yields the topic embeddings as well as the topic mixing proportions for each document. Jointly they represent the document in a low-dimensional continuous space. In two document classification tasks, our method performs better than eight existing methods, with fewer features. In addition, we illustrate with an example that our method can generate coherent topics even based on only one document.	 These two types of patterns are complementary. In this paper, we propose a generative topic embedding model to combine the two types of patterns. In our model, topics are represented by embedding vectors, and are shared across documents. The probability of each word is influenced by both its local context and its topic.  A variational inference method yields the topic embeddings as well as the topic mixing proportions for each document. Jointly they represent the document in a low-dimensional continuous space. In two document classification tasks, our method performs better than eight existing methods, with fewer features. In addition, we illustrate with an example that our method can generate coherent topics even based on only one document.	307
How do I measure the semantic similarity between two documents?	 Experimental methods are both expensive and time consuming. In this thesis I introduce a new machine learning based method to predict the protein structure. The new method improves the performance from two directions: creating accurate protein alignments and predicting accurate protein contacts. First, I present an alignment framework MRFalign which goes beyond state-of-the-art methods and uses Markov Random Fields to model a protein family and align two proteins by aligning two MRFs together.  Compared to other methods, that can only model local-range residue correlation, MRFs can model long-range residue interactions and thus, encodes global information in a protein. Secondly, I present a Group Graphical Lasso method for contact prediction that integrates joint multi-family Evolutionary Coupling analysis and supervised learning to improve accuracy on proteins without many sequence homologs.	 Experimental methods are both expensive and time consuming. In this thesis I introduce a new machine learning based method to predict the protein structure. The new method improves the performance from two directions: creating accurate protein alignments and predicting accurate protein contacts. First, I present an alignment framework MRFalign which goes beyond state-of-the-art methods and uses Markov Random Fields to model a protein family and align two proteins by aligning two MRFs together.  Compared to other methods, that can only model local-range residue correlation, MRFs can model long-range residue interactions and thus, encodes global information in a protein. Secondly, I present a Group Graphical Lasso method for contact prediction that integrates joint multi-family Evolutionary Coupling analysis and supervised learning to improve accuracy on proteins without many sequence homologs.	305
How do I measure the semantic similarity between two documents?	Optimization for Compressed Sensing: the Simplex Method and Kronecker   Sparsification  In this paper we present two new approaches to efficiently solve large-scale compressed sensing problems. These two ideas are independent of each other and can therefore be used either separately or together. We consider all possibilities.    For the first approach, we note that the zero vector can be taken as the initial basic (infeasible) solution for the linear programming problem and therefore, if the true signal is very sparse, some variants of the simplex method can be expected to take only a small number of pivots to arrive at a solution.	Optimization for Compressed Sensing: the Simplex Method and Kronecker   Sparsification  In this paper we present two new approaches to efficiently solve large-scale compressed sensing problems. These two ideas are independent of each other and can therefore be used either separately or together. We consider all possibilities.    For the first approach, we note that the zero vector can be taken as the initial basic (infeasible) solution for the linear programming problem and therefore, if the true signal is very sparse, some variants of the simplex method can be expected to take only a small number of pivots to arrive at a solution.	306
What is the state of the art in word sense disambiguation?	A Novel Neural Sequence Model with Multiple Attentions for Word Sense   Disambiguation  Word sense disambiguation (WSD) is a well researched problem in computational linguistics. Different research works have approached this problem in different ways. Some state of the art results that have been achieved for this problem are by supervised models in terms of accuracy, but they often fall behind flexible knowledge-based solutions which use engineered features as well as human annotators to disambiguate every target word.	A Novel Neural Sequence Model with Multiple Attentions for Word Sense   Disambiguation  Word sense disambiguation (WSD) is a well researched problem in computational linguistics. Different research works have approached this problem in different ways. Some state of the art results that have been achieved for this problem are by supervised models in terms of accuracy, but they often fall behind flexible knowledge-based solutions which use engineered features as well as human annotators to disambiguate every target word.	378
What is the state of the art in word sense disambiguation?	Low-dimensional Semantic Space: from Text to Word Embedding  This article focuses on the study of Word Embedding, a feature-learning technique in Natural Language Processing that maps words or phrases to low-dimensional vectors. Beginning with the linguistic theories concerning contextual similarities - "Distributional Hypothesis" and "Context of Situation", this article introduces two ways of numerical representation of text: One-hot and Distributed Representation.  In addition, this article presents statistical-based Language Models(such as Co-occurrence Matrix and Singular Value Decomposition) as well as Neural Network Language Models (NNLM, such as Continuous Bag-of-Words and Skip-Gram). This article also analyzes how Word Embedding can be applied to the study of word-sense disambiguation and diachronic linguistics.	 In addition, this article presents statistical-based Language Models(such as Co-occurrence Matrix and Singular Value Decomposition) as well as Neural Network Language Models (NNLM, such as Continuous Bag-of-Words and Skip-Gram). This article also analyzes how Word Embedding can be applied to the study of word-sense disambiguation and diachronic linguistics.	386
What is the state of the art in word sense disambiguation?	SenseBERT: Driving Some Sense into BERT  The ability to learn from large unlabeled corpora has allowed neural language models to advance the frontier in natural language understanding. However, existing self-supervision techniques operate at the word form level, which serves as a surrogate for the underlying semantic content.  This paper proposes a method to employ weak-supervision directly at the word sense level. Our model, named SenseBERT, is pre-trained to predict not only the masked words but also their WordNet supersenses. Accordingly, we attain a lexical-semantic level language model, without the use of human annotation. SenseBERT achieves significantly improved lexical understanding, as we demonstrate by experimenting on SemEval Word Sense Disambiguation, and by attaining a state of the art result on the Word in Context task.	 This paper proposes a method to employ weak-supervision directly at the word sense level. Our model, named SenseBERT, is pre-trained to predict not only the masked words but also their WordNet supersenses. Accordingly, we attain a lexical-semantic level language model, without the use of human annotation. SenseBERT achieves significantly improved lexical understanding, as we demonstrate by experimenting on SemEval Word Sense Disambiguation, and by attaining a state of the art result on the Word in Context task.	377
What is the state of the art in word sense disambiguation?	Can Computers Create Art?  This essay discusses whether computers, using Artificial Intelligence (AI), could create art. First, the history of technologies that automated aspects of art is surveyed, including photography and animation. In each case, there were initial fears and denial of the technology, followed by a blossoming of new creative and professional opportunities for artists.  The current hype and reality of Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools for art making is then discussed, together with predictions about how AI tools will be used. It is then speculated about whether it could ever happen that AI systems could be credited with authorship of artwork. It is theorized that art is something created by social agents, and so computers cannot be credited with authorship of art in our current understanding. A few ways that this could change are also hypothesized.	Can Computers Create Art?  This essay discusses whether computers, using Artificial Intelligence (AI), could create art. First, the history of technologies that automated aspects of art is surveyed, including photography and animation. In each case, there were initial fears and denial of the technology, followed by a blossoming of new creative and professional opportunities for artists.  The current hype and reality of Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools for art making is then discussed, together with predictions about how AI tools will be used. It is then speculated about whether it could ever happen that AI systems could be credited with authorship of artwork. It is theorized that art is something created by social agents, and so computers cannot be credited with authorship of art in our current understanding. A few ways that this could change are also hypothesized.	389
What is the state of the art in word sense disambiguation?	 Therefore, here we propose the setting of extreme algorithm selection (XAS) where we consider fixed sets of thousands of candidate algorithms, facilitating meta learning. We assess the applicability of state-of-the-art AS techniques to the XAS setting and propose approaches leveraging a dyadic feature representation in which both problem instances and algorithms are described. We find the latter to improve significantly over the current state of the art in various metrics.	 Therefore, here we propose the setting of extreme algorithm selection (XAS) where we consider fixed sets of thousands of candidate algorithms, facilitating meta learning. We assess the applicability of state-of-the-art AS techniques to the XAS setting and propose approaches leveraging a dyadic feature representation in which both problem instances and algorithms are described. We find the latter to improve significantly over the current state of the art in various metrics.	353
What is the main difference between word2vec and fastText?	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors.  Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory.	word2ket: Space-efficient Word Embeddings inspired by Quantum   Entanglement  Deep learning natural language processing models often use vector word embeddings, such as word2vec or GloVe, to represent words. A discrete sequence of words can be much more easily integrated with downstream neural layers if it is represented as a sequence of continuous vectors.  Also, semantic relationships between words, learned from a text corpus, can be encoded in the relative configurations of the embedding vectors. However, storing and accessing embedding vectors for all words in a dictionary requires large amount of space, and may stain systems with limited GPU memory.	326
What is the main difference between word2vec and fastText?	An Analysis of Word2Vec for the Italian Language  Word representation is fundamental in NLP tasks, because it is precisely from the coding of semantic closeness between words that it is possible to think of teaching a machine to understand text. Despite the spread of word embedding concepts, still few are the achievements in linguistic contexts other than English. In this work, analysing the semantic capacity of the Word2Vec algorithm, an embedding for the Italian language is produced. Parameter setting such as the number of epochs, the size of the context window and the number of negatively backpropagated samples is explored.	An Analysis of Word2Vec for the Italian Language  Word representation is fundamental in NLP tasks, because it is precisely from the coding of semantic closeness between words that it is possible to think of teaching a machine to understand text. Despite the spread of word embedding concepts, still few are the achievements in linguistic contexts other than English. In this work, analysing the semantic capacity of the Word2Vec algorithm, an embedding for the Italian language is produced. Parameter setting such as the number of epochs, the size of the context window and the number of negatively backpropagated samples is explored.	322
What is the main difference between word2vec and fastText?	Context Vectors are Reflections of Word Vectors in Half the Dimensions  This paper takes a step towards theoretical analysis of the relationship between word embeddings and context embeddings in models such as word2vec. We start from basic probabilistic assumptions on the nature of word vectors, context vectors, and text generation.  These assumptions are well supported either empirically or theoretically by the existing literature. Next, we show that under these assumptions the widely-used word-word PMI matrix is approximately a random symmetric Gaussian ensemble. This, in turn, implies that context vectors are reflections of word vectors in approximately half the dimensions. As a direct application of our result, we suggest a theoretically grounded way of tying weights in the SGNS model.	Context Vectors are Reflections of Word Vectors in Half the Dimensions  This paper takes a step towards theoretical analysis of the relationship between word embeddings and context embeddings in models such as word2vec. We start from basic probabilistic assumptions on the nature of word vectors, context vectors, and text generation.  These assumptions are well supported either empirically or theoretically by the existing literature. Next, we show that under these assumptions the widely-used word-word PMI matrix is approximately a random symmetric Gaussian ensemble. This, in turn, implies that context vectors are reflections of word vectors in approximately half the dimensions. As a direct application of our result, we suggest a theoretically grounded way of tying weights in the SGNS model.	310
What is the main difference between word2vec and fastText?	Application of Word2vec in Phoneme Recognition  In this paper, we present how to hybridize a Word2vec model and an attention-based end-to-end speech recognition model. We build a phoneme recognition system based on Listen, Attend and Spell model. And the phoneme recognition model uses a word2vec model to initialize the embedding matrix for the improvement of the performance, which can increase the distance among the phoneme vectors.  At the same time, in order to solve the problem of overfitting in the 61 phoneme recognition model on TIMIT dataset, we propose a new training method. A 61-39 phoneme mapping comparison table is used to inverse map the phonemes of the dataset to generate more 61 phoneme training data. At the end of training, replace the dataset with a standard dataset for corrective training. Our model can achieve the best result under the TIMIT dataset which is 16.5% PER (Phoneme Error Rate).	Application of Word2vec in Phoneme Recognition  In this paper, we present how to hybridize a Word2vec model and an attention-based end-to-end speech recognition model. We build a phoneme recognition system based on Listen, Attend and Spell model. And the phoneme recognition model uses a word2vec model to initialize the embedding matrix for the improvement of the performance, which can increase the distance among the phoneme vectors.  At the same time, in order to solve the problem of overfitting in the 61 phoneme recognition model on TIMIT dataset, we propose a new training method. A 61-39 phoneme mapping comparison table is used to inverse map the phonemes of the dataset to generate more 61 phoneme training data. At the end of training, replace the dataset with a standard dataset for corrective training. Our model can achieve the best result under the TIMIT dataset which is 16.5% PER (Phoneme Error Rate).	306
What is the main difference between word2vec and fastText?	What the Vec? Towards Probabilistically Grounded Embeddings  Word2Vec (W2V) and GloVe are popular, fast and efficient word embedding algorithms. Their embeddings are widely used and perform well on a variety of natural language processing tasks. Moreover, W2V has recently been adopted in the field of graph embedding, where it underpins several leading algorithms.  However, despite their ubiquity and relatively simple model architecture, a theoretical understanding of what the embedding parameters of W2V and GloVe learn and why that is useful in downstream tasks has been lacking. We show that different interactions between PMI vectors reflect semantic word relationships, such as similarity and paraphrasing, that are encoded in low dimensional word embeddings under a suitable projection, theoretically explaining why embeddings of W2V and GloVe work. As a consequence, we also reveal an interesting mathematical interconnection between the considered semantic relationships themselves.	What the Vec? Towards Probabilistically Grounded Embeddings  Word2Vec (W2V) and GloVe are popular, fast and efficient word embedding algorithms. Their embeddings are widely used and perform well on a variety of natural language processing tasks. Moreover, W2V has recently been adopted in the field of graph embedding, where it underpins several leading algorithms.  However, despite their ubiquity and relatively simple model architecture, a theoretical understanding of what the embedding parameters of W2V and GloVe learn and why that is useful in downstream tasks has been lacking. We show that different interactions between PMI vectors reflect semantic word relationships, such as similarity and paraphrasing, that are encoded in low dimensional word embeddings under a suitable projection, theoretically explaining why embeddings of W2V and GloVe work. As a consequence, we also reveal an interesting mathematical interconnection between the considered semantic relationships themselves.	314
In layman terms, how would you explain the Skip-Gram word embedding model in natural language processing (NLP)?	SBERT-WK: A Sentence Embedding Method by Dissecting BERT-based Word   Models  Sentence embedding is an important research topic in natural language processing (NLP) since it can transfer knowledge to downstream tasks. Meanwhile, a contextualized word representation, called BERT, achieves the state-of-the-art performance in quite a few NLP tasks.  Yet, it is an open problem to generate a high quality sentence representation from BERT-based word models. It was shown in previous study that different layers of BERT capture different linguistic properties. This allows us to fusion information across layers to find better sentence representation. In this work, we study the layer-wise pattern of the word representation of deep contextualized models.	SBERT-WK: A Sentence Embedding Method by Dissecting BERT-based Word   Models  Sentence embedding is an important research topic in natural language processing (NLP) since it can transfer knowledge to downstream tasks. Meanwhile, a contextualized word representation, called BERT, achieves the state-of-the-art performance in quite a few NLP tasks.  Yet, it is an open problem to generate a high quality sentence representation from BERT-based word models. It was shown in previous study that different layers of BERT capture different linguistic properties. This allows us to fusion information across layers to find better sentence representation. In this work, we study the layer-wise pattern of the word representation of deep contextualized models.	253
In layman terms, how would you explain the Skip-Gram word embedding model in natural language processing (NLP)?	Ouroboros: On Accelerating Training of Transformer-Based Language Models  Language models are essential for natural language processing (NLP) tasks, such as machine translation and text summarization. Remarkable performance has been demonstrated recently across many NLP domains via a Transformer-based language model with over a billion parameters, verifying the benefits of model size.  Model parallelism is required if a model is too large to fit in a single computing device. Current methods for model parallelism either suffer from backward locking in backpropagation or are not applicable to language models. We propose the first model-parallel algorithm that speeds the training of Transformer-based language models.	Ouroboros: On Accelerating Training of Transformer-Based Language Models  Language models are essential for natural language processing (NLP) tasks, such as machine translation and text summarization. Remarkable performance has been demonstrated recently across many NLP domains via a Transformer-based language model with over a billion parameters, verifying the benefits of model size.  Model parallelism is required if a model is too large to fit in a single computing device. Current methods for model parallelism either suffer from backward locking in backpropagation or are not applicable to language models. We propose the first model-parallel algorithm that speeds the training of Transformer-based language models.	292
In layman terms, how would you explain the Skip-Gram word embedding model in natural language processing (NLP)?	 Despite its usefulness, it is still unknown how exactly the internal representation of models are affected by curriculum learning. In this paper, we study the effect of curriculum learning on Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks, which have shown strong competency in many Natural Language Processing (NLP) problems.  Our experiments on sentiment analysis task and a synthetic task similar to sequence prediction tasks in NLP show that curriculum learning has a positive effect on the LSTM's internal states by biasing the model towards building constructive representations i.e. the internal representation at the previous timesteps are used as building blocks for the final prediction. We also find that smaller models significantly improves when they are trained with curriculum learning. Lastly, we show that curriculum learning helps more when the amount of training data is limited.	 Despite its usefulness, it is still unknown how exactly the internal representation of models are affected by curriculum learning. In this paper, we study the effect of curriculum learning on Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks, which have shown strong competency in many Natural Language Processing (NLP) problems.  Our experiments on sentiment analysis task and a synthetic task similar to sequence prediction tasks in NLP show that curriculum learning has a positive effect on the LSTM's internal states by biasing the model towards building constructive representations i.e. the internal representation at the previous timesteps are used as building blocks for the final prediction. We also find that smaller models significantly improves when they are trained with curriculum learning. Lastly, we show that curriculum learning helps more when the amount of training data is limited.	275
In layman terms, how would you explain the Skip-Gram word embedding model in natural language processing (NLP)?	 However, different from a natural language sentence, a program contains rich, explicit, and complicated structural information. Hence, traditional NLP models may be inappropriate for programs. In this paper, we propose a novel tree-based convolutional neural network (TBCNN) for programming language processing, in which a convolution kernel is designed over programs' abstract syntax trees to capture structural information.  TBCNN is a generic architecture for programming language processing; our experiments show its effectiveness in two different program analysis tasks: classifying programs according to functionality, and detecting code snippets of certain patterns. TBCNN outperforms baseline methods, including several neural models for NLP.	 However, different from a natural language sentence, a program contains rich, explicit, and complicated structural information. Hence, traditional NLP models may be inappropriate for programs. In this paper, we propose a novel tree-based convolutional neural network (TBCNN) for programming language processing, in which a convolution kernel is designed over programs' abstract syntax trees to capture structural information.  TBCNN is a generic architecture for programming language processing; our experiments show its effectiveness in two different program analysis tasks: classifying programs according to functionality, and detecting code snippets of certain patterns. TBCNN outperforms baseline methods, including several neural models for NLP.	280
In layman terms, how would you explain the Skip-Gram word embedding model in natural language processing (NLP)?	Learning Context-Sensitive Convolutional Filters for Text Processing  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have recently emerged as a popular building block for natural language processing (NLP). Despite their success, most existing CNN models employed in NLP share the same learned (and static) set of filters for all input sentences.  In this paper, we consider an approach of using a small meta network to learn context-sensitive convolutional filters for text processing. The role of meta network is to abstract the contextual information of a sentence or document into a set of input-aware filters. We further generalize this framework to model sentence pairs, where a bidirectional filter generation mechanism is introduced to encapsulate co-dependent sentence representations.	Learning Context-Sensitive Convolutional Filters for Text Processing  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have recently emerged as a popular building block for natural language processing (NLP). Despite their success, most existing CNN models employed in NLP share the same learned (and static) set of filters for all input sentences.  In this paper, we consider an approach of using a small meta network to learn context-sensitive convolutional filters for text processing. The role of meta network is to abstract the contextual information of a sentence or document into a set of input-aware filters. We further generalize this framework to model sentence pairs, where a bidirectional filter generation mechanism is introduced to encapsulate co-dependent sentence representations.	290
In laymans terms, how would you explain the continuous bag of words (CBOW) word embedding technique in natural language processing (NLP)?	hauWE: Hausa Words Embedding for Natural Language Processing  Words embedding (distributed word vector representations) have become an essential component of many natural language processing (NLP) tasks such as machine translation, sentiment analysis, word analogy, named entity recognition and word similarity.  Despite this, the only work that provides word vectors for Hausa language is that of Bojanowski et al. [1] trained using fastText, consisting of only a few words vectors. This work presents words embedding models using Word2Vec's Continuous Bag of Words (CBoW) and Skip Gram (SG) models. The models, hauWE (Hausa Words Embedding), are bigger and better than the only previous model, making them more useful in NLP tasks. To compare the models, they were used to predict the 10 most similar words to 30 randomly selected Hausa words. hauWE CBoW's 88.7% and hauWE SG's 79.3% prediction accuracy greatly outperformed Bojanowski et al. [1]'s 22.3%.	hauWE: Hausa Words Embedding for Natural Language Processing  Words embedding (distributed word vector representations) have become an essential component of many natural language processing (NLP) tasks such as machine translation, sentiment analysis, word analogy, named entity recognition and word similarity.  Despite this, the only work that provides word vectors for Hausa language is that of Bojanowski et al. [1] trained using fastText, consisting of only a few words vectors. This work presents words embedding models using Word2Vec's Continuous Bag of Words (CBoW) and Skip Gram (SG) models. The models, hauWE (Hausa Words Embedding), are bigger and better than the only previous model, making them more useful in NLP tasks. To compare the models, they were used to predict the 10 most similar words to 30 randomly selected Hausa words. hauWE CBoW's 88.7% and hauWE SG's 79.3% prediction accuracy greatly outperformed Bojanowski et al. [1]'s 22.3%.	259
In laymans terms, how would you explain the continuous bag of words (CBOW) word embedding technique in natural language processing (NLP)?	SBERT-WK: A Sentence Embedding Method by Dissecting BERT-based Word   Models  Sentence embedding is an important research topic in natural language processing (NLP) since it can transfer knowledge to downstream tasks. Meanwhile, a contextualized word representation, called BERT, achieves the state-of-the-art performance in quite a few NLP tasks.  Yet, it is an open problem to generate a high quality sentence representation from BERT-based word models. It was shown in previous study that different layers of BERT capture different linguistic properties. This allows us to fusion information across layers to find better sentence representation. In this work, we study the layer-wise pattern of the word representation of deep contextualized models.	SBERT-WK: A Sentence Embedding Method by Dissecting BERT-based Word   Models  Sentence embedding is an important research topic in natural language processing (NLP) since it can transfer knowledge to downstream tasks. Meanwhile, a contextualized word representation, called BERT, achieves the state-of-the-art performance in quite a few NLP tasks.  Yet, it is an open problem to generate a high quality sentence representation from BERT-based word models. It was shown in previous study that different layers of BERT capture different linguistic properties. This allows us to fusion information across layers to find better sentence representation. In this work, we study the layer-wise pattern of the word representation of deep contextualized models.	254
In laymans terms, how would you explain the continuous bag of words (CBOW) word embedding technique in natural language processing (NLP)?	Disentangling Latent Emotions of Word Embeddings on Complex Emotional   Narratives  Word embedding models such as GloVe are widely used in natural language processing (NLP) research to convert words into vectors. Here, we provide a preliminary guide to probe latent emotions in text through GloVe word vectors.  First, we trained a neural network model to predict continuous emotion valence ratings by taking linguistic inputs from Stanford Emotional Narratives Dataset (SEND). After interpreting the weights in the model, we found that only a few dimensions of the word vectors contributed to expressing emotions in text, and words were clustered on the basis of their emotional polarities.	Disentangling Latent Emotions of Word Embeddings on Complex Emotional   Narratives  Word embedding models such as GloVe are widely used in natural language processing (NLP) research to convert words into vectors. Here, we provide a preliminary guide to probe latent emotions in text through GloVe word vectors.  First, we trained a neural network model to predict continuous emotion valence ratings by taking linguistic inputs from Stanford Emotional Narratives Dataset (SEND). After interpreting the weights in the model, we found that only a few dimensions of the word vectors contributed to expressing emotions in text, and words were clustered on the basis of their emotional polarities.	259
In laymans terms, how would you explain the continuous bag of words (CBOW) word embedding technique in natural language processing (NLP)?	sense2vec - A Fast and Accurate Method for Word Sense Disambiguation In   Neural Word Embeddings  Neural word representations have proven useful in Natural Language Processing (NLP) tasks due to their ability to efficiently model complex semantic and syntactic word relationships. However, most techniques model only one representation per word, despite the fact that a single word can have multiple meanings or "senses".  Some techniques model words by using multiple vectors that are clustered based on context. However, recent neural approaches rarely focus on the application to a consuming NLP algorithm. Furthermore, the training process of recent word-sense models is expensive relative to single-sense embedding processes.	sense2vec - A Fast and Accurate Method for Word Sense Disambiguation In   Neural Word Embeddings  Neural word representations have proven useful in Natural Language Processing (NLP) tasks due to their ability to efficiently model complex semantic and syntactic word relationships. However, most techniques model only one representation per word, despite the fact that a single word can have multiple meanings or "senses".  Some techniques model words by using multiple vectors that are clustered based on context. However, recent neural approaches rarely focus on the application to a consuming NLP algorithm. Furthermore, the training process of recent word-sense models is expensive relative to single-sense embedding processes.	260
In laymans terms, how would you explain the continuous bag of words (CBOW) word embedding technique in natural language processing (NLP)?	Enriching Word Vectors with Subword Information  Continuous word representations, trained on large unlabeled corpora are useful for many natural language processing tasks. Popular models that learn such representations ignore the morphology of words, by assigning a distinct vector to each word. This is a limitation, especially for languages with large vocabularies and many rare words.	Enriching Word Vectors with Subword Information  Continuous word representations, trained on large unlabeled corpora are useful for many natural language processing tasks. Popular models that learn such representations ignore the morphology of words, by assigning a distinct vector to each word. This is a limitation, especially for languages with large vocabularies and many rare words.	264
What is natural language processing pipeline?	Improving Language Identification for Multilingual Speakers  Spoken language identification (LID) technologies have improved in recent years from discriminating largely distinct languages to discriminating highly similar languages or even dialects of the same language. One aspect that has been mostly neglected, however, is discrimination of languages for multilingual speakers, despite being a primary target audience of many systems that utilize LID technologies.	Improving Language Identification for Multilingual Speakers  Spoken language identification (LID) technologies have improved in recent years from discriminating largely distinct languages to discriminating highly similar languages or even dialects of the same language. One aspect that has been mostly neglected, however, is discrimination of languages for multilingual speakers, despite being a primary target audience of many systems that utilize LID technologies.	463
What is natural language processing pipeline?	A Generalized Language Model in Tensor Space  In the literature, tensors have been effectively used for capturing the context information in language models. However, the existing methods usually adopt relatively-low order tensors, which have limited expressive power in modeling language. Developing a higher-order tensor representation is challenging, in terms of deriving an effective solution and showing its generality.	A Generalized Language Model in Tensor Space  In the literature, tensors have been effectively used for capturing the context information in language models. However, the existing methods usually adopt relatively-low order tensors, which have limited expressive power in modeling language. Developing a higher-order tensor representation is challenging, in terms of deriving an effective solution and showing its generality.	448
What is natural language processing pipeline?	 It learns simultaneously the visual representations of the world, the language, and the action control. By disentangling language grounding from other computational routines and sharing a concept detection function between language grounding and prediction, the agent reliably interpolates and extrapolates to interpret sentences that contain new word combinations or new words missing from training sentences.  The new words are transferred from the answers of language prediction. Such a language ability is trained and evaluated on a population of over 1.6 million distinct sentences consisting of 119 object words, 8 color words, 9 spatial-relation words, and 50 grammatical words. The proposed model significantly outperforms five comparison methods for interpreting zero-shot sentences. In addition, we demonstrate human-interpretable intermediate outputs of the model in the appendix.	 It learns simultaneously the visual representations of the world, the language, and the action control. By disentangling language grounding from other computational routines and sharing a concept detection function between language grounding and prediction, the agent reliably interpolates and extrapolates to interpret sentences that contain new word combinations or new words missing from training sentences.  The new words are transferred from the answers of language prediction. Such a language ability is trained and evaluated on a population of over 1.6 million distinct sentences consisting of 119 object words, 8 color words, 9 spatial-relation words, and 50 grammatical words. The proposed model significantly outperforms five comparison methods for interpreting zero-shot sentences. In addition, we demonstrate human-interpretable intermediate outputs of the model in the appendix.	464
What is natural language processing pipeline?	 In language models, perplexity is one of the most popular cost functions. In this study, we propose a fractional nonlinear programming model that finds the optimal perplexity value. The special structure of the model allows us to approximate it by a linear programming model that can be solved using the well-known simplex algorithm.  To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to use optimization techniques to find perplexity values in the language modeling literature. We apply our model to find hyperparameters of a language model and compare it to the grid search algorithm. Furthermore, we illustrating that it results in lower perplexity values. We perform this experiment on a real-world dataset from SwiftKey to validate our proposed approach.	 In language models, perplexity is one of the most popular cost functions. In this study, we propose a fractional nonlinear programming model that finds the optimal perplexity value. The special structure of the model allows us to approximate it by a linear programming model that can be solved using the well-known simplex algorithm.  To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to use optimization techniques to find perplexity values in the language modeling literature. We apply our model to find hyperparameters of a language model and compare it to the grid search algorithm. Furthermore, we illustrating that it results in lower perplexity values. We perform this experiment on a real-world dataset from SwiftKey to validate our proposed approach.	457
What is natural language processing pipeline?	 Along with continuous significant performance improvement, the size and complexity of these pre-trained neural models continue to increase rapidly. Is it possible to compress these large-scale language representation models? How will the pruned language representation affect the downstream multi-task transfer learning objectives?  In this paper, we propose Reweighted Proximal Pruning (RPP), a new pruning method specifically designed for a large-scale language representation model. Through experiments on SQuAD and the GLUE benchmark suite, we show that proximal pruned BERT keeps high accuracy for both the pre-training task and the downstream multiple fine-tuning tasks at high prune ratio.	 Along with continuous significant performance improvement, the size and complexity of these pre-trained neural models continue to increase rapidly. Is it possible to compress these large-scale language representation models? How will the pruned language representation affect the downstream multi-task transfer learning objectives?  In this paper, we propose Reweighted Proximal Pruning (RPP), a new pruning method specifically designed for a large-scale language representation model. Through experiments on SQuAD and the GLUE benchmark suite, we show that proximal pruned BERT keeps high accuracy for both the pre-training task and the downstream multiple fine-tuning tasks at high prune ratio.	447
What are the available APIs for NLP (Natural Language Processing)?	Towards Explainable NLP: A Generative Explanation Framework for Text   Classification  Building explainable systems is a critical problem in the field of Natural Language Processing (NLP), since most machine learning models provide no explanations for the predictions. Existing approaches for explainable machine learning systems tend to focus on interpreting the outputs or the connections between inputs and outputs.  However, the fine-grained information is often ignored, and the systems do not explicitly generate the human-readable explanations. To better alleviate this problem, we propose a novel generative explanation framework that learns to make classification decisions and generate fine-grained explanations at the same time.	Towards Explainable NLP: A Generative Explanation Framework for Text   Classification  Building explainable systems is a critical problem in the field of Natural Language Processing (NLP), since most machine learning models provide no explanations for the predictions. Existing approaches for explainable machine learning systems tend to focus on interpreting the outputs or the connections between inputs and outputs.  However, the fine-grained information is often ignored, and the systems do not explicitly generate the human-readable explanations. To better alleviate this problem, we propose a novel generative explanation framework that learns to make classification decisions and generate fine-grained explanations at the same time.	348
What are the available APIs for NLP (Natural Language Processing)?	SBERT-WK: A Sentence Embedding Method by Dissecting BERT-based Word   Models  Sentence embedding is an important research topic in natural language processing (NLP) since it can transfer knowledge to downstream tasks. Meanwhile, a contextualized word representation, called BERT, achieves the state-of-the-art performance in quite a few NLP tasks.  Yet, it is an open problem to generate a high quality sentence representation from BERT-based word models. It was shown in previous study that different layers of BERT capture different linguistic properties. This allows us to fusion information across layers to find better sentence representation. In this work, we study the layer-wise pattern of the word representation of deep contextualized models.	SBERT-WK: A Sentence Embedding Method by Dissecting BERT-based Word   Models  Sentence embedding is an important research topic in natural language processing (NLP) since it can transfer knowledge to downstream tasks. Meanwhile, a contextualized word representation, called BERT, achieves the state-of-the-art performance in quite a few NLP tasks.  Yet, it is an open problem to generate a high quality sentence representation from BERT-based word models. It was shown in previous study that different layers of BERT capture different linguistic properties. This allows us to fusion information across layers to find better sentence representation. In this work, we study the layer-wise pattern of the word representation of deep contextualized models.	347
What are the available APIs for NLP (Natural Language Processing)?	Improving Natural Language Inference Using External Knowledge in the   Science Questions Domain  Natural Language Inference (NLI) is fundamental to many Natural Language Processing (NLP) applications including semantic search and question answering. The NLI problem has gained significant attention thanks to the release of large scale, challenging datasets.  Present approaches to the problem largely focus on learning-based methods that use only textual information in order to classify whether a given premise entails, contradicts, or is neutral with respect to a given hypothesis. Surprisingly, the use of methods based on structured knowledge -- a central topic in artificial intelligence -- has not received much attention vis-a-vis the NLI problem.	Improving Natural Language Inference Using External Knowledge in the   Science Questions Domain  Natural Language Inference (NLI) is fundamental to many Natural Language Processing (NLP) applications including semantic search and question answering. The NLI problem has gained significant attention thanks to the release of large scale, challenging datasets.  Present approaches to the problem largely focus on learning-based methods that use only textual information in order to classify whether a given premise entails, contradicts, or is neutral with respect to a given hypothesis. Surprisingly, the use of methods based on structured knowledge -- a central topic in artificial intelligence -- has not received much attention vis-a-vis the NLI problem.	331
What are the available APIs for NLP (Natural Language Processing)?	Ain't Nobody Got Time For Coding: Structure-Aware Program Synthesis From   Natural Language  Program synthesis from natural language (NL) is practical for humans and, once technically feasible, would significantly facilitate software development and revolutionize end-user programming. We present SAPS, an end-to-end neural network capable of mapping relatively complex, multi-sentence NL specifications to snippets of executable code.  The proposed architecture relies exclusively on neural components, and is trained on abstract syntax trees, combined with a pretrained word embedding and a bi-directional multi-layer LSTM for processing of word sequences. The decoder features a doubly-recurrent LSTM, for which we propose novel signal propagation schemes and soft attention mechanism.	Ain't Nobody Got Time For Coding: Structure-Aware Program Synthesis From   Natural Language  Program synthesis from natural language (NL) is practical for humans and, once technically feasible, would significantly facilitate software development and revolutionize end-user programming. We present SAPS, an end-to-end neural network capable of mapping relatively complex, multi-sentence NL specifications to snippets of executable code.  The proposed architecture relies exclusively on neural components, and is trained on abstract syntax trees, combined with a pretrained word embedding and a bi-directional multi-layer LSTM for processing of word sequences. The decoder features a doubly-recurrent LSTM, for which we propose novel signal propagation schemes and soft attention mechanism.	350
What are the available APIs for NLP (Natural Language Processing)?	 However, different from a natural language sentence, a program contains rich, explicit, and complicated structural information. Hence, traditional NLP models may be inappropriate for programs. In this paper, we propose a novel tree-based convolutional neural network (TBCNN) for programming language processing, in which a convolution kernel is designed over programs' abstract syntax trees to capture structural information.  TBCNN is a generic architecture for programming language processing; our experiments show its effectiveness in two different program analysis tasks: classifying programs according to functionality, and detecting code snippets of certain patterns. TBCNN outperforms baseline methods, including several neural models for NLP.	 However, different from a natural language sentence, a program contains rich, explicit, and complicated structural information. Hence, traditional NLP models may be inappropriate for programs. In this paper, we propose a novel tree-based convolutional neural network (TBCNN) for programming language processing, in which a convolution kernel is designed over programs' abstract syntax trees to capture structural information.  TBCNN is a generic architecture for programming language processing; our experiments show its effectiveness in two different program analysis tasks: classifying programs according to functionality, and detecting code snippets of certain patterns. TBCNN outperforms baseline methods, including several neural models for NLP.	347
How does perplexity function in natural language processing?	XLDA: Cross-Lingual Data Augmentation for Natural Language Inference and   Question Answering  While natural language processing systems often focus on a single language, multilingual transfer learning has the potential to improve performance, especially for low-resource languages. We introduce XLDA, cross-lingual data augmentation, a method that replaces a segment of the input text with its translation in another language.  XLDA enhances performance of all 14 tested languages of the cross-lingual natural language inference (XNLI) benchmark. With improvements of up to $4.8\%$, training with XLDA achieves state-of-the-art performance for Greek, Turkish, and Urdu. XLDA is in contrast to, and performs markedly better than, a more naive approach that aggregates examples in various languages in a way that each example is solely in one language.	XLDA: Cross-Lingual Data Augmentation for Natural Language Inference and   Question Answering  While natural language processing systems often focus on a single language, multilingual transfer learning has the potential to improve performance, especially for low-resource languages. We introduce XLDA, cross-lingual data augmentation, a method that replaces a segment of the input text with its translation in another language.  XLDA enhances performance of all 14 tested languages of the cross-lingual natural language inference (XNLI) benchmark. With improvements of up to $4.8\%$, training with XLDA achieves state-of-the-art performance for Greek, Turkish, and Urdu. XLDA is in contrast to, and performs markedly better than, a more naive approach that aggregates examples in various languages in a way that each example is solely in one language.	364
How does perplexity function in natural language processing?	XNLI: Evaluating Cross-lingual Sentence Representations  State-of-the-art natural language processing systems rely on supervision in the form of annotated data to learn competent models. These models are generally trained on data in a single language (usually English), and cannot be directly used beyond that language.  Since collecting data in every language is not realistic, there has been a growing interest in cross-lingual language understanding (XLU) and low-resource cross-language transfer. In this work, we construct an evaluation set for XLU by extending the development and test sets of the Multi-Genre Natural Language Inference Corpus (MultiNLI) to 15 languages, including low-resource languages such as Swahili and Urdu.	XNLI: Evaluating Cross-lingual Sentence Representations  State-of-the-art natural language processing systems rely on supervision in the form of annotated data to learn competent models. These models are generally trained on data in a single language (usually English), and cannot be directly used beyond that language.  Since collecting data in every language is not realistic, there has been a growing interest in cross-lingual language understanding (XLU) and low-resource cross-language transfer. In this work, we construct an evaluation set for XLU by extending the development and test sets of the Multi-Genre Natural Language Inference Corpus (MultiNLI) to 15 languages, including low-resource languages such as Swahili and Urdu.	361
How does perplexity function in natural language processing?	 In language models, perplexity is one of the most popular cost functions. In this study, we propose a fractional nonlinear programming model that finds the optimal perplexity value. The special structure of the model allows us to approximate it by a linear programming model that can be solved using the well-known simplex algorithm.  To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to use optimization techniques to find perplexity values in the language modeling literature. We apply our model to find hyperparameters of a language model and compare it to the grid search algorithm. Furthermore, we illustrating that it results in lower perplexity values. We perform this experiment on a real-world dataset from SwiftKey to validate our proposed approach.	 In language models, perplexity is one of the most popular cost functions. In this study, we propose a fractional nonlinear programming model that finds the optimal perplexity value. The special structure of the model allows us to approximate it by a linear programming model that can be solved using the well-known simplex algorithm.  To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to use optimization techniques to find perplexity values in the language modeling literature. We apply our model to find hyperparameters of a language model and compare it to the grid search algorithm. Furthermore, we illustrating that it results in lower perplexity values. We perform this experiment on a real-world dataset from SwiftKey to validate our proposed approach.	333
How does perplexity function in natural language processing?	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	 Many researchers in language origins and emergent communication take compositionality as their primary target for explaining how simple communication systems can become more like natural language. However, there is reason to think that compositionality is the wrong target on the biological side, and so too the wrong target on the machine-learning side.  As such, the purpose of this paper is to explore this claim. This has theoretical implications for language origins research more generally, but the focus here will be the implications for research on emergent communication in computer science and machine learning---specifically regarding the types of programmes that might be expected to work and those which will not.	360
How does perplexity function in natural language processing?	Learning to Learn and Predict: A Meta-Learning Approach for Multi-Label   Classification  Many tasks in natural language processing can be viewed as multi-label classification problems. However, most of the existing models are trained with the standard cross-entropy loss function and use a fixed prediction policy (e. g., a threshold of 0.5) for all the labels, which completely ignores the complexity and dependencies among different labels. In this paper, we propose a meta-learning method to capture these complex label dependencies. More specifically, our method utilizes a meta-learner to jointly learn the training policies and prediction policies for different labels.	Learning to Learn and Predict: A Meta-Learning Approach for Multi-Label   Classification  Many tasks in natural language processing can be viewed as multi-label classification problems. However, most of the existing models are trained with the standard cross-entropy loss function and use a fixed prediction policy (e. g., a threshold of 0.5) for all the labels, which completely ignores the complexity and dependencies among different labels. In this paper, we propose a meta-learning method to capture these complex label dependencies. More specifically, our method utilizes a meta-learner to jointly learn the training policies and prediction policies for different labels.	359
How is deep learning used in sentiment analysis?	 From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e. g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	 From the statistical and scientific perspective, it is natural to ask: What is deep learning? What are the new characteristics of deep learning, compared with classical methods? What are the theoretical foundations of deep learning? To answer these questions, we introduce common neural network models (e. g., convolutional neural nets, recurrent neural nets, generative adversarial nets) and training techniques (e.g., stochastic gradient descent, dropout, batch normalization) from a statistical point of view. Along the way, we highlight new characteristics of deep learning (including depth and over-parametrization) and explain their practical and theoretical benefits. We also sample recent results on theories of deep learning, many of which are only suggestive. While a complete understanding of deep learning remains elusive, we hope that our perspectives and discussions serve as a stimulus for new statistical research.	280
How is deep learning used in sentiment analysis?	Deep Convolutional Framelets: A General Deep Learning Framework for   Inverse Problems  Recently, deep learning approaches with various network architectures have achieved significant performance improvement over existing iterative reconstruction methods in various imaging problems. However, it is still unclear why these deep learning architectures work for specific inverse problems.  To address these issues, here we show that the long-searched-for missing link is the convolution framelets for representing a signal by convolving local and non-local bases. The convolution framelets was originally developed to generalize the theory of low-rank Hankel matrix approaches for inverse problems, and this paper further extends the idea so that we can obtain a deep neural network using multilayer convolution framelets with perfect reconstruction (PR) under rectilinear linear unit nonlinearity (ReLU).	Deep Convolutional Framelets: A General Deep Learning Framework for   Inverse Problems  Recently, deep learning approaches with various network architectures have achieved significant performance improvement over existing iterative reconstruction methods in various imaging problems. However, it is still unclear why these deep learning architectures work for specific inverse problems.  To address these issues, here we show that the long-searched-for missing link is the convolution framelets for representing a signal by convolving local and non-local bases. The convolution framelets was originally developed to generalize the theory of low-rank Hankel matrix approaches for inverse problems, and this paper further extends the idea so that we can obtain a deep neural network using multilayer convolution framelets with perfect reconstruction (PR) under rectilinear linear unit nonlinearity (ReLU).	284
How is deep learning used in sentiment analysis?	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	Fairness in Deep Learning: A Computational Perspective  Deep learning is increasingly being used in high-stake decision making applications that affect individual lives. However, deep learning models might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behaviors with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society.  Therefore, fairness in deep learning has attracted tremendous attention recently. We provide a review covering recent progresses to tackle algorithmic fairness problems of deep learning from the computational perspective. Specifically, we show that interpretability can serve as a useful ingredient to diagnose the reasons that lead to algorithmic discrimination. We also discuss fairness mitigation approaches categorized according to three stages of deep learning life-cycle, aiming to push forward the area of fairness in deep learning and build genuinely fair and reliable deep learning systems.	277
How is deep learning used in sentiment analysis?	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	Building Program Vector Representations for Deep Learning  Deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence. Advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features, weak involvement of human engineering, etc. However, it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation.  In this pioneering paper, we propose the "coding criterion" to build program vector representations, which are the premise of deep learning for program analysis. Our representation learning approach directly makes deep learning a reality in this new field. We evaluate the learned vector representations both qualitatively and quantitatively.	264
How is deep learning used in sentiment analysis?	Deep Learning for Sentiment Analysis : A Survey  Deep learning has emerged as a powerful machine learning technique that learns multiple layers of representations or features of the data and produces state-of-the-art prediction results. Along with the success of deep learning in many other application domains, deep learning is also popularly used in sentiment analysis in recent years. This paper first gives an overview of deep learning and then provides a comprehensive survey of its current applications in sentiment analysis.	Deep Learning for Sentiment Analysis : A Survey  Deep learning has emerged as a powerful machine learning technique that learns multiple layers of representations or features of the data and produces state-of-the-art prediction results. Along with the success of deep learning in many other application domains, deep learning is also popularly used in sentiment analysis in recent years. This paper first gives an overview of deep learning and then provides a comprehensive survey of its current applications in sentiment analysis.	277
Was Jrgen Schmidhuber right when he claimed credit for GANs at NIPS 2016?	Lightweight Stochastic Optimization for Minimizing Finite Sums with   Infinite Data  Variance reduction has been commonly used in stochastic optimization. It relies crucially on the assumption that the data set is finite. However, when the data are imputed with random noise as in data augmentation, the perturbed data set be- comes essentially infinite.  Recently, the stochastic MISO (S-MISO) algorithm is introduced to address this expected risk minimization problem. Though it converges faster than SGD, a significant amount of memory is required. In this pa- per, we propose two SGD-like algorithms for expected risk minimization with random perturbation, namely, stochastic sample average gradient (SSAG) and stochastic SAGA (S-SAGA).	Lightweight Stochastic Optimization for Minimizing Finite Sums with   Infinite Data  Variance reduction has been commonly used in stochastic optimization. It relies crucially on the assumption that the data set is finite. However, when the data are imputed with random noise as in data augmentation, the perturbed data set be- comes essentially infinite.  Recently, the stochastic MISO (S-MISO) algorithm is introduced to address this expected risk minimization problem. Though it converges faster than SGD, a significant amount of memory is required. In this pa- per, we propose two SGD-like algorithms for expected risk minimization with random perturbation, namely, stochastic sample average gradient (SSAG) and stochastic SAGA (S-SAGA).	437
Was Jrgen Schmidhuber right when he claimed credit for GANs at NIPS 2016?	Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs): What it can generate and What it   cannot?  In recent years, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have received significant attention from the research community. With a straightforward implementation and outstanding results, GANs have been used for numerous applications.  Despite the success, GANs lack a proper theoretical explanation. These models suffer from issues like mode collapse, non-convergence, and instability during training. To address these issues, researchers have proposed theoretically rigorous frameworks inspired by varied fields of Game theory, Statistical theory, Dynamical systems, etc.	Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs): What it can generate and What it   cannot?  In recent years, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have received significant attention from the research community. With a straightforward implementation and outstanding results, GANs have been used for numerous applications.  Despite the success, GANs lack a proper theoretical explanation. These models suffer from issues like mode collapse, non-convergence, and instability during training. To address these issues, researchers have proposed theoretically rigorous frameworks inspired by varied fields of Game theory, Statistical theory, Dynamical systems, etc.	436
Was Jrgen Schmidhuber right when he claimed credit for GANs at NIPS 2016?	Distributed SAGA: Maintaining linear convergence rate with limited   communication  In recent years, variance-reducing stochastic methods have shown great practical performance, exhibiting linear convergence rate when other stochastic methods offered a sub-linear rate. However, as datasets grow ever bigger and clusters become widespread, the need for fast distribution methods is pressing. We propose here a distribution scheme for SAGA which maintains a linear convergence rate, even when communication between nodes is limited.	Distributed SAGA: Maintaining linear convergence rate with limited   communication  In recent years, variance-reducing stochastic methods have shown great practical performance, exhibiting linear convergence rate when other stochastic methods offered a sub-linear rate. However, as datasets grow ever bigger and clusters become widespread, the need for fast distribution methods is pressing. We propose here a distribution scheme for SAGA which maintains a linear convergence rate, even when communication between nodes is limited.	444
Was Jrgen Schmidhuber right when he claimed credit for GANs at NIPS 2016?	Billion-scale Network Embedding with Iterative Random Projection  Network embedding, which learns low-dimensional vector representation for nodes in the network, has attracted considerable research attention recently. However, the existing methods are incapable of handling billion-scale networks, because they are computationally expensive and, at the same time, difficult to be accelerated by distributed computing schemes.  To address these problems, we propose RandNE (Iterative Random Projection Network Embedding), a novel and simple billion-scale network embedding method. Specifically, we propose a Gaussian random projection approach to map the network into a low-dimensional embedding space while preserving the high-order proximities between nodes.	Billion-scale Network Embedding with Iterative Random Projection  Network embedding, which learns low-dimensional vector representation for nodes in the network, has attracted considerable research attention recently. However, the existing methods are incapable of handling billion-scale networks, because they are computationally expensive and, at the same time, difficult to be accelerated by distributed computing schemes.  To address these problems, we propose RandNE (Iterative Random Projection Network Embedding), a novel and simple billion-scale network embedding method. Specifically, we propose a Gaussian random projection approach to map the network into a low-dimensional embedding space while preserving the high-order proximities between nodes.	443
Was Jrgen Schmidhuber right when he claimed credit for GANs at NIPS 2016?	A Review on Generative Adversarial Networks: Algorithms, Theory, and   Applications  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are a hot research topic recently. GANs have been widely studied since 2014, and a large number of algorithms have been proposed. However, there is few comprehensive study explaining the connections among different GANs variants, and how they have evolved.  In this paper, we attempt to provide a review on various GANs methods from the perspectives of algorithms, theory, and applications. Firstly, the motivations, mathematical representations, and structure of most GANs algorithms are introduced in details. Furthermore, GANs have been combined with other machine learning algorithms for specific applications, such as semi-supervised learning, transfer learning, and reinforcement learning.	A Review on Generative Adversarial Networks: Algorithms, Theory, and   Applications  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are a hot research topic recently. GANs have been widely studied since 2014, and a large number of algorithms have been proposed. However, there is few comprehensive study explaining the connections among different GANs variants, and how they have evolved.  In this paper, we attempt to provide a review on various GANs methods from the perspectives of algorithms, theory, and applications. Firstly, the motivations, mathematical representations, and structure of most GANs algorithms are introduced in details. Furthermore, GANs have been combined with other machine learning algorithms for specific applications, such as semi-supervised learning, transfer learning, and reinforcement learning.	436
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	 We discuss a range of copyright detection systems, and why they are particularly vulnerable to attacks. These vulnerabilities are especially apparent for neural network based systems. As a proof of concept, we describe a well-known music identification method, and implement this system in the form of a neural net.  We then attack this system using simple gradient methods. Adversarial music created this way successfully fools industrial systems, including the AudioTag copyright detector and YouTube's Content ID system. Our goal is to raise awareness of the threats posed by adversarial examples in this space, and to highlight the importance of hardening copyright detection systems to attacks.	 We discuss a range of copyright detection systems, and why they are particularly vulnerable to attacks. These vulnerabilities are especially apparent for neural network based systems. As a proof of concept, we describe a well-known music identification method, and implement this system in the form of a neural net.  We then attack this system using simple gradient methods. Adversarial music created this way successfully fools industrial systems, including the AudioTag copyright detector and YouTube's Content ID system. Our goal is to raise awareness of the threats posed by adversarial examples in this space, and to highlight the importance of hardening copyright detection systems to attacks.	276
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	Adaptive Network Sparsification with Dependent Variational   Beta-Bernoulli Dropout  While variational dropout approaches have been shown to be effective for network sparsification, they are still suboptimal in the sense that they set the dropout rate for each neuron without consideration of the input data.  With such input-independent dropout, each neuron is evolved to be generic across inputs, which makes it difficult to sparsify networks without accuracy loss. To overcome this limitation, we propose adaptive variational dropout whose probabilities are drawn from sparsity-inducing beta Bernoulli prior.	Adaptive Network Sparsification with Dependent Variational   Beta-Bernoulli Dropout  While variational dropout approaches have been shown to be effective for network sparsification, they are still suboptimal in the sense that they set the dropout rate for each neuron without consideration of the input data.  With such input-independent dropout, each neuron is evolved to be generic across inputs, which makes it difficult to sparsify networks without accuracy loss. To overcome this limitation, we propose adaptive variational dropout whose probabilities are drawn from sparsity-inducing beta Bernoulli prior.	254
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	Adversarial Sample Detection for Deep Neural Network through Model   Mutation Testing  Deep neural networks (DNN) have been shown to be useful in a wide range of applications. However, they are also known to be vulnerable to adversarial samples. By transforming a normal sample with some carefully crafted human imperceptible perturbations, even highly accurate DNN make wrong decisions.  Multiple defense mechanisms have been proposed which aim to hinder the generation of such adversarial samples. However, a recent work show that most of them are ineffective. In this work, we propose an alternative approach to detect adversarial samples at runtime. Our main observation is that adversarial samples are much more sensitive than normal samples if we impose random mutations on the DNN.	Adversarial Sample Detection for Deep Neural Network through Model   Mutation Testing  Deep neural networks (DNN) have been shown to be useful in a wide range of applications. However, they are also known to be vulnerable to adversarial samples. By transforming a normal sample with some carefully crafted human imperceptible perturbations, even highly accurate DNN make wrong decisions.  Multiple defense mechanisms have been proposed which aim to hinder the generation of such adversarial samples. However, a recent work show that most of them are ineffective. In this work, we propose an alternative approach to detect adversarial samples at runtime. Our main observation is that adversarial samples are much more sensitive than normal samples if we impose random mutations on the DNN.	271
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	 We treat each individual layer of the DNN as a nonlinear dynamical system and use Lyapunov theory to prove stability and robustness locally. We then proceed to prove stability and robustness globally for the entire DNN. We develop empirically tight bounds on the response of the output layer, or any hidden layer, to adversarial perturbations added to the input, or the input of hidden layers.  Recent works have proposed spectral norm regularization as a solution for improving robustness against l2 adversarial attacks. Our results give new insights into how spectral norm regularization can mitigate the adversarial effects. Finally, we evaluate the power of our approach on a variety of data sets and network architectures and against some of the well-known adversarial attacks.	 Recent works have proposed spectral norm regularization as a solution for improving robustness against l2 adversarial attacks. Our results give new insights into how spectral norm regularization can mitigate the adversarial effects. Finally, we evaluate the power of our approach on a variety of data sets and network architectures and against some of the well-known adversarial attacks.	273
Can generative adversarial networks be used in sequential data in recurrent neural networks? How effective would they be?	PuVAE: A Variational Autoencoder to Purify Adversarial Examples  Deep neural networks are widely used and exhibit excellent performance in many areas. However, they are vulnerable to adversarial attacks that compromise the network at the inference time by applying elaborately designed perturbation to input data.  Although several defense methods have been proposed to address specific attacks, other attack methods can circumvent these defense mechanisms. Therefore, we propose Purifying Variational Autoencoder (PuVAE), a method to purify adversarial examples. The proposed method eliminates an adversarial perturbation by projecting an adversarial example on the manifold of each class, and determines the closest projection as a purified sample.	PuVAE: A Variational Autoencoder to Purify Adversarial Examples  Deep neural networks are widely used and exhibit excellent performance in many areas. However, they are vulnerable to adversarial attacks that compromise the network at the inference time by applying elaborately designed perturbation to input data.  Although several defense methods have been proposed to address specific attacks, other attack methods can circumvent these defense mechanisms. Therefore, we propose Purifying Variational Autoencoder (PuVAE), a method to purify adversarial examples. The proposed method eliminates an adversarial perturbation by projecting an adversarial example on the manifold of each class, and determines the closest projection as a purified sample.	276
What are the (existing or future) use cases where using Generative Adversarial Network is particularly interesting?	Unsupervised Discovery of Parts, Structure, and Dynamics  Humans easily recognize object parts and their hierarchical structure by watching how they move; they can then predict how each part moves in the future. In this paper, we propose a novel formulation that simultaneously learns a hierarchical, disentangled object representation and a dynamics model for object parts from unlabeled videos.  Our Parts, Structure, and Dynamics (PSD) model learns to, first, recognize the object parts via a layered image representation; second, predict hierarchy via a structural descriptor that composes low-level concepts into a hierarchical structure; and third, model the system dynamics by predicting the future. Experiments on multiple real and synthetic datasets demonstrate that our PSD model works well on all three tasks: segmenting object parts, building their hierarchical structure, and capturing their motion distributions.	Unsupervised Discovery of Parts, Structure, and Dynamics  Humans easily recognize object parts and their hierarchical structure by watching how they move; they can then predict how each part moves in the future. In this paper, we propose a novel formulation that simultaneously learns a hierarchical, disentangled object representation and a dynamics model for object parts from unlabeled videos.  Our Parts, Structure, and Dynamics (PSD) model learns to, first, recognize the object parts via a layered image representation; second, predict hierarchy via a structural descriptor that composes low-level concepts into a hierarchical structure; and third, model the system dynamics by predicting the future. Experiments on multiple real and synthetic datasets demonstrate that our PSD model works well on all three tasks: segmenting object parts, building their hierarchical structure, and capturing their motion distributions.	307
What are the (existing or future) use cases where using Generative Adversarial Network is particularly interesting?	 These difficulties have traditionally been addressed by manual feature engineering encoding task specific domain knowledge. We explored the use of neural networks and transfer learning to learn representations of clinical notes that are useful for predicting future clinical events of interest, such as all causes mortality, inpatient admissions, and emergency room visits.  Our data comprised 2.7 million notes and 115 thousand patients at Stanford Hospital. We used the learned representations, along with commonly used bag of words and topic model representations, as features for predictive models of clinical events. We evaluated the effectiveness of these representations with respect to the performance of the models trained on small datasets.	 These difficulties have traditionally been addressed by manual feature engineering encoding task specific domain knowledge. We explored the use of neural networks and transfer learning to learn representations of clinical notes that are useful for predicting future clinical events of interest, such as all causes mortality, inpatient admissions, and emergency room visits.  Our data comprised 2.7 million notes and 115 thousand patients at Stanford Hospital. We used the learned representations, along with commonly used bag of words and topic model representations, as features for predictive models of clinical events. We evaluated the effectiveness of these representations with respect to the performance of the models trained on small datasets.	313
What are the (existing or future) use cases where using Generative Adversarial Network is particularly interesting?	 We then compare the advantages and drawbacks of different machine learning approaches that have been employed, discussing different feature selection and feature extraction schemes, as well as the learning models and regularization penalties themselves. Throughout this discussion, we focus particularly on how the methods are adapted to the unique nature of graphical connectome data. Finally, we conclude by summarizing the current state of the art and by outlining what we believe are strategic directions for future research.	 We then compare the advantages and drawbacks of different machine learning approaches that have been employed, discussing different feature selection and feature extraction schemes, as well as the learning models and regularization penalties themselves. Throughout this discussion, we focus particularly on how the methods are adapted to the unique nature of graphical connectome data. Finally, we conclude by summarizing the current state of the art and by outlining what we believe are strategic directions for future research.	312
What are the (existing or future) use cases where using Generative Adversarial Network is particularly interesting?	 The program seeks to improve outcomes by developing individually-tailored social service interventions (i.e., diversions, conditional plea agreements, stayed sentencing, or other favorable case disposition based on appropriate social service linkage rather than traditional sentencing methods) for individuals likely to experience subsequent interactions with the criminal justice system, a time and resource-intensive undertaking that necessitates an ability to focus resources on individuals most likely to be involved in a future case.	 The program seeks to improve outcomes by developing individually-tailored social service interventions (i.e., diversions, conditional plea agreements, stayed sentencing, or other favorable case disposition based on appropriate social service linkage rather than traditional sentencing methods) for individuals likely to experience subsequent interactions with the criminal justice system, a time and resource-intensive undertaking that necessitates an ability to focus resources on individuals most likely to be involved in a future case.	321
What are the (existing or future) use cases where using Generative Adversarial Network is particularly interesting?	 Our analysis reveals a large class of theoretically valid adversarial losses. For the second question, we propose a simple comparative framework for adversarial losses using discriminative adversarial networks. The proposed framework allows us to efficiently evaluate adversarial losses using a standard evaluation metric such as the classification accuracy.  With the proposed framework, we evaluate a comprehensive set of 168 combinations of twelve output activation functions and fourteen regularization approaches on the handwritten digit classification problem to decouple their effects. Our empirical findings suggest that there is no single winning combination of output activation functions and regularization approaches across all settings. Our theoretical and empirical results may together serve as a reference for choosing or designing adversarial losses in future research.	 With the proposed framework, we evaluate a comprehensive set of 168 combinations of twelve output activation functions and fourteen regularization approaches on the handwritten digit classification problem to decouple their effects. Our empirical findings suggest that there is no single winning combination of output activation functions and regularization approaches across all settings. Our theoretical and empirical results may together serve as a reference for choosing or designing adversarial losses in future research.	311
Can autoencoders be considered as generative models?	Optimal Transport Based Generative Autoencoders  The field of deep generative modeling is dominated by generative adversarial networks (GANs). However, the training of GANs often lacks stability, fails to converge, and suffers from model collapse. It takes an assortment of tricks to solve these problems, which may be difficult to understand for those seeking to apply generative modeling.  Instead, we propose two novel generative autoencoders, AE-OTtrans and AE-OTgen, which rely on optimal transport instead of adversarial training. AE-OTtrans and AEOTgen, unlike VAE and WAE, preserve the manifold of the data; they do not force the latent distribution to match a normal distribution, resulting in greater quality images.	Optimal Transport Based Generative Autoencoders  The field of deep generative modeling is dominated by generative adversarial networks (GANs). However, the training of GANs often lacks stability, fails to converge, and suffers from model collapse. It takes an assortment of tricks to solve these problems, which may be difficult to understand for those seeking to apply generative modeling.  Instead, we propose two novel generative autoencoders, AE-OTtrans and AE-OTgen, which rely on optimal transport instead of adversarial training. AE-OTtrans and AEOTgen, unlike VAE and WAE, preserve the manifold of the data; they do not force the latent distribution to match a normal distribution, resulting in greater quality images.	313
Can autoencoders be considered as generative models?	Training Generative Reversible Networks  Generative models with an encoding component such as autoencoders currently receive great interest. However, training of autoencoders is typically complicated by the need to train a separate encoder and decoder model that have to be enforced to be reciprocal to each other.  To overcome this problem, by-design reversible neural networks (RevNets) had been previously used as generative models either directly optimizing the likelihood of the data under the model or using an adversarial approach on the generated data. Here, we instead investigate their performance using an adversary on the latent space in the adversarial autoencoder framework.	Training Generative Reversible Networks  Generative models with an encoding component such as autoencoders currently receive great interest. However, training of autoencoders is typically complicated by the need to train a separate encoder and decoder model that have to be enforced to be reciprocal to each other.  To overcome this problem, by-design reversible neural networks (RevNets) had been previously used as generative models either directly optimizing the likelihood of the data under the model or using an adversarial approach on the generated data. Here, we instead investigate their performance using an adversary on the latent space in the adversarial autoencoder framework.	316
Can autoencoders be considered as generative models?	Model Development Process  Predictive modeling has an increasing number of applications in various fields. High demand for predictive models drives creation of tools that automate and support work of data scientist on the model development. To better understand what can be automated we need first a description of the model life-cycle.  In this paper we propose a generic Model Development Process (MDP). This process is inspired by Rational Unified Process (RUP) which was designed for software development. There are other approached to process description, like CRISP DM or ASUM DM, in this paper we discuss similarities and differences between these methodologies. We believe that the proposed open standard for model development will facilitate creation of tools for automation of model training, testing and maintaining.	Model Development Process  Predictive modeling has an increasing number of applications in various fields. High demand for predictive models drives creation of tools that automate and support work of data scientist on the model development. To better understand what can be automated we need first a description of the model life-cycle.  In this paper we propose a generic Model Development Process (MDP). This process is inspired by Rational Unified Process (RUP) which was designed for software development. There are other approached to process description, like CRISP DM or ASUM DM, in this paper we discuss similarities and differences between these methodologies. We believe that the proposed open standard for model development will facilitate creation of tools for automation of model training, testing and maintaining.	308
Can autoencoders be considered as generative models?	Improving Sampling from Generative Autoencoders with Markov Chains  We focus on generative autoencoders, such as variational or adversarial autoencoders, which jointly learn a generative model alongside an inference model. Generative autoencoders are those which are trained to softly enforce a prior on the latent distribution learned by the inference model.  We call the distribution to which the inference model maps observed samples, the learned latent distribution, which may not be consistent with the prior. We formulate a Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) sampling process, equivalent to iteratively decoding and encoding, which allows us to sample from the learned latent distribution.	Improving Sampling from Generative Autoencoders with Markov Chains  We focus on generative autoencoders, such as variational or adversarial autoencoders, which jointly learn a generative model alongside an inference model. Generative autoencoders are those which are trained to softly enforce a prior on the latent distribution learned by the inference model.  We call the distribution to which the inference model maps observed samples, the learned latent distribution, which may not be consistent with the prior. We formulate a Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) sampling process, equivalent to iteratively decoding and encoding, which allows us to sample from the learned latent distribution.	304
Can autoencoders be considered as generative models?	 By using a Bayesian formulation, generators can be constructed and trained to produce scenarios that capture different salient modes in the data, allowing for better diversity and more accurate representation of the underlying physical process. Compared to conventional statistical models that are often hard to scale or sample from, this method is model-free and can generate samples extremely efficiently.  For validation, we use wind and solar times-series data from NREL integration data sets to train the Bayesian GAN. We demonstrate that proposed method is able to generate clusters of wind scenarios with different variance and mean value, and is able to distinguish and generate wind and solar scenarios simultaneously even if the historical data are intentionally mixed.	 By using a Bayesian formulation, generators can be constructed and trained to produce scenarios that capture different salient modes in the data, allowing for better diversity and more accurate representation of the underlying physical process. Compared to conventional statistical models that are often hard to scale or sample from, this method is model-free and can generate samples extremely efficiently.  For validation, we use wind and solar times-series data from NREL integration data sets to train the Bayesian GAN. We demonstrate that proposed method is able to generate clusters of wind scenarios with different variance and mean value, and is able to distinguish and generate wind and solar scenarios simultaneously even if the historical data are intentionally mixed.	315
Why are two separate neural networks used in Generative Adversarial Networks?	Global Guarantees for Enforcing Deep Generative Priors by Empirical Risk  We examine the theoretical properties of enforcing priors provided by generative deep neural networks via empirical risk minimization. In particular we consider two models, one in which the task is to invert a generative neural network given access to its last layer and another in which the task is to invert a generative neural network given only compressive linear observations of its last layer.  We establish that in both cases, in suitable regimes of network layer sizes and a randomness assumption on the network weights, that the non-convex objective function given by empirical risk minimization does not have any spurious stationary points. That is, we establish that with high probability, at any point away from small neighborhoods around two scalar multiples of the desired solution, there is a descent direction.	Global Guarantees for Enforcing Deep Generative Priors by Empirical Risk  We examine the theoretical properties of enforcing priors provided by generative deep neural networks via empirical risk minimization. In particular we consider two models, one in which the task is to invert a generative neural network given access to its last layer and another in which the task is to invert a generative neural network given only compressive linear observations of its last layer.  We establish that in both cases, in suitable regimes of network layer sizes and a randomness assumption on the network weights, that the non-convex objective function given by empirical risk minimization does not have any spurious stationary points. That is, we establish that with high probability, at any point away from small neighborhoods around two scalar multiples of the desired solution, there is a descent direction.	301
Why are two separate neural networks used in Generative Adversarial Networks?	 Neural networks take one event as input and compute a conditional probability of the other event to model how likely these two events are to be associated. The actual meaning of the conditional probabilities varies between applications and depends on how the models are trained. In this work, as two case studies, we have investigated two NAM structures, namely deep neural networks (DNN) and relation-modulated neural nets (RMNN), on several probabilistic reasoning tasks in AI, including recognizing textual entailment, triple classification in multi-relational knowledge bases and commonsense reasoning.	 Neural networks take one event as input and compute a conditional probability of the other event to model how likely these two events are to be associated. The actual meaning of the conditional probabilities varies between applications and depends on how the models are trained. In this work, as two case studies, we have investigated two NAM structures, namely deep neural networks (DNN) and relation-modulated neural nets (RMNN), on several probabilistic reasoning tasks in AI, including recognizing textual entailment, triple classification in multi-relational knowledge bases and commonsense reasoning.	292
Why are two separate neural networks used in Generative Adversarial Networks?	Block-Normalized Gradient Method: An Empirical Study for Training Deep   Neural Network  In this paper, we propose a generic and simple strategy for utilizing stochastic gradient information in optimization. The technique essentially contains two consecutive steps in each iteration: 1) computing and normalizing each block (layer) of the mini-batch stochastic gradient; 2) selecting appropriate step size to update the decision variable (parameter) towards the negative of the block-normalized gradient.	Block-Normalized Gradient Method: An Empirical Study for Training Deep   Neural Network  In this paper, we propose a generic and simple strategy for utilizing stochastic gradient information in optimization. The technique essentially contains two consecutive steps in each iteration: 1) computing and normalizing each block (layer) of the mini-batch stochastic gradient; 2) selecting appropriate step size to update the decision variable (parameter) towards the negative of the block-normalized gradient.	311
Why are two separate neural networks used in Generative Adversarial Networks?	 We show that these structured attention networks are simple extensions of the basic attention procedure, and that they allow for extending attention beyond the standard soft-selection approach, such as attending to partial segmentations or to subtrees. We experiment with two different classes of structured attention networks: a linear-chain conditional random field and a graph-based parsing model, and describe how these models can be practically implemented as neural network layers.  Experiments show that this approach is effective for incorporating structural biases, and structured attention networks outperform baseline attention models on a variety of synthetic and real tasks: tree transduction, neural machine translation, question answering, and natural language inference. We further find that models trained in this way learn interesting unsupervised hidden representations that generalize simple attention.	 We show that these structured attention networks are simple extensions of the basic attention procedure, and that they allow for extending attention beyond the standard soft-selection approach, such as attending to partial segmentations or to subtrees. We experiment with two different classes of structured attention networks: a linear-chain conditional random field and a graph-based parsing model, and describe how these models can be practically implemented as neural network layers.  Experiments show that this approach is effective for incorporating structural biases, and structured attention networks outperform baseline attention models on a variety of synthetic and real tasks: tree transduction, neural machine translation, question answering, and natural language inference. We further find that models trained in this way learn interesting unsupervised hidden representations that generalize simple attention.	309
Why are two separate neural networks used in Generative Adversarial Networks?	An Empirical Study on the Relation between Network Interpretability and   Adversarial Robustness  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have had many successes, but they suffer from two major issues: (1) a vulnerability to adversarial examples and (2) a tendency to elude human interpretation. Interestingly, recent empirical and theoretical evidence suggests these two seemingly disparate issues are actually connected.  In particular, robust models tend to provide more interpretable gradients than non-robust models. However, whether this relationship works in the opposite direction remains obscure. With this paper, we seek empirical answers to the following question: can models acquire adversarial robustness when they are trained to have interpretable gradients?	An Empirical Study on the Relation between Network Interpretability and   Adversarial Robustness  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have had many successes, but they suffer from two major issues: (1) a vulnerability to adversarial examples and (2) a tendency to elude human interpretation. Interestingly, recent empirical and theoretical evidence suggests these two seemingly disparate issues are actually connected.  In particular, robust models tend to provide more interpretable gradients than non-robust models. However, whether this relationship works in the opposite direction remains obscure. With this paper, we seek empirical answers to the following question: can models acquire adversarial robustness when they are trained to have interpretable gradients?	298
What is the advantage of generative adversarial networks compared with other generative models?	Generating images with recurrent adversarial networks  Gatys et al. (2015) showed that optimizing pixels to match features in a convolutional network with respect reference image features is a way to render images of high visual quality. We show that unrolling this gradient-based optimization yields a recurrent computation that creates images by incrementally adding onto a visual "canvas".  We propose a recurrent generative model inspired by this view, and show that it can be trained using adversarial training to generate very good image samples. We also propose a way to quantitatively compare adversarial networks by having the generators and discriminators of these networks compete against each other.	 We propose a recurrent generative model inspired by this view, and show that it can be trained using adversarial training to generate very good image samples. We also propose a way to quantitatively compare adversarial networks by having the generators and discriminators of these networks compete against each other.	327
What is the advantage of generative adversarial networks compared with other generative models?	 Our main idea is: adversarial examples for the robust classifier should be indistinguishable from the regular data of the adversarial target. We formulate a problem of learning robust classifier in the framework of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN), where the adversarial attack on classifier acts as a generator, and the critic network learns to distinguish between regular and adversarial images.  The classifier cost is augmented with the objective that its adversarial examples should confuse the adversary critic. To improve the stability of the adversarial mapping, we introduce adversarial cycle-consistency constraint which ensures that the adversarial mapping of the adversarial examples is close to the original.	 Our main idea is: adversarial examples for the robust classifier should be indistinguishable from the regular data of the adversarial target. We formulate a problem of learning robust classifier in the framework of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN), where the adversarial attack on classifier acts as a generator, and the critic network learns to distinguish between regular and adversarial images.  The classifier cost is augmented with the objective that its adversarial examples should confuse the adversary critic. To improve the stability of the adversarial mapping, we introduce adversarial cycle-consistency constraint which ensures that the adversarial mapping of the adversarial examples is close to the original.	295
What is the advantage of generative adversarial networks compared with other generative models?	Adversarial Feature Learning  The ability of the Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) framework to learn generative models mapping from simple latent distributions to arbitrarily complex data distributions has been demonstrated empirically, with compelling results showing that the latent space of such generators captures semantic variation in the data distribution.  Intuitively, models trained to predict these semantic latent representations given data may serve as useful feature representations for auxiliary problems where semantics are relevant. However, in their existing form, GANs have no means of learning the inverse mapping -- projecting data back into the latent space.	Adversarial Feature Learning  The ability of the Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) framework to learn generative models mapping from simple latent distributions to arbitrarily complex data distributions has been demonstrated empirically, with compelling results showing that the latent space of such generators captures semantic variation in the data distribution.  Intuitively, models trained to predict these semantic latent representations given data may serve as useful feature representations for auxiliary problems where semantics are relevant. However, in their existing form, GANs have no means of learning the inverse mapping -- projecting data back into the latent space.	316
What is the advantage of generative adversarial networks compared with other generative models?	Generative Models from the perspective of Continual Learning  Which generative model is the most suitable for Continual Learning? This paper aims at evaluating and comparing generative models on disjoint sequential image generation tasks. We investigate how several models learn and forget, considering various strategies: rehearsal, regularization, generative replay and fine-tuning.	Generative Models from the perspective of Continual Learning  Which generative model is the most suitable for Continual Learning? This paper aims at evaluating and comparing generative models on disjoint sequential image generation tasks. We investigate how several models learn and forget, considering various strategies: rehearsal, regularization, generative replay and fine-tuning.	314
What is the advantage of generative adversarial networks compared with other generative models?	Modeling Feature Representations for Affective Speech using Generative   Adversarial Networks  Emotion recognition is a classic field of research with a typical setup extracting features and feeding them through a classifier for prediction. On the other hand, generative models jointly capture the distributional relationship between emotions and the feature profiles.  Relatively recently, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have surfaced as a new class of generative models and have shown considerable success in modeling distributions in the fields of computer vision and natural language understanding. In this work, we experiment with variants of GAN architectures to generate feature vectors corresponding to an emotion in two ways: (i) A generator is trained with samples from a mixture prior.	Modeling Feature Representations for Affective Speech using Generative   Adversarial Networks  Emotion recognition is a classic field of research with a typical setup extracting features and feeding them through a classifier for prediction. On the other hand, generative models jointly capture the distributional relationship between emotions and the feature profiles.  Relatively recently, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have surfaced as a new class of generative models and have shown considerable success in modeling distributions in the fields of computer vision and natural language understanding. In this work, we experiment with variants of GAN architectures to generate feature vectors corresponding to an emotion in two ways: (i) A generator is trained with samples from a mixture prior.	322
What are some exciting future applications of Generative Adversarial Networks?	Multiple Futures Prediction  Temporal prediction is critical for making intelligent and robust decisions in complex dynamic environments. Motion prediction needs to model the inherently uncertain future which often contains multiple potential outcomes, due to multi-agent interactions and the latent goals of others.  Towards these goals, we introduce a probabilistic framework that efficiently learns latent variables to jointly model the multi-step future motions of agents in a scene. Our framework is data-driven and learns semantically meaningful latent variables to represent the multimodal future, without requiring explicit labels.	Multiple Futures Prediction  Temporal prediction is critical for making intelligent and robust decisions in complex dynamic environments. Motion prediction needs to model the inherently uncertain future which often contains multiple potential outcomes, due to multi-agent interactions and the latent goals of others.  Towards these goals, we introduce a probabilistic framework that efficiently learns latent variables to jointly model the multi-step future motions of agents in a scene. Our framework is data-driven and learns semantically meaningful latent variables to represent the multimodal future, without requiring explicit labels.	350
What are some exciting future applications of Generative Adversarial Networks?	 In that way, some of the computer-designs have led to the discovery of new scientific concepts and ideas -- demonstrating how computer algorithm can genuinely contribute to science by providing unexpected inspirations. We discuss several extensions and alternatives based on optimization and machine learning techniques, with the potential of accelerating the discovery of practical computer-inspired experiments or concepts in the future. Finally, we discuss what we can learn from the different approaches in the fields of physics, and raise several fascinating possibilities for future research.	 In that way, some of the computer-designs have led to the discovery of new scientific concepts and ideas -- demonstrating how computer algorithm can genuinely contribute to science by providing unexpected inspirations. We discuss several extensions and alternatives based on optimization and machine learning techniques, with the potential of accelerating the discovery of practical computer-inspired experiments or concepts in the future. Finally, we discuss what we can learn from the different approaches in the fields of physics, and raise several fascinating possibilities for future research.	328
What are some exciting future applications of Generative Adversarial Networks?	Plan, Attend, Generate: Planning for Sequence-to-Sequence Models  We investigate the integration of a planning mechanism into sequence-to-sequence models using attention. We develop a model which can plan ahead in the future when it computes its alignments between input and output sequences, constructing a matrix of proposed future alignments and a commitment vector that governs whether to follow or recompute the plan.	Plan, Attend, Generate: Planning for Sequence-to-Sequence Models  We investigate the integration of a planning mechanism into sequence-to-sequence models using attention. We develop a model which can plan ahead in the future when it computes its alignments between input and output sequences, constructing a matrix of proposed future alignments and a commitment vector that governs whether to follow or recompute the plan.	353
What are some exciting future applications of Generative Adversarial Networks?	 In this method, the problem of action selection is reduced to one of gradient descent on the latent space of the generative model, with the model itself providing the means of evaluating outcomes and finding the gradient, much like how the reward network in Deep Q-Networks (DQN) provides gradient information for the action generator.  Unlike DQN or Actor-Critic, which are conditional models for a specific reward, using a generative model of the full joint distribution permits the reward to be changed on the fly. In addition, the generated futures can be inspected to gain insight in to what the network 'thinks' will happen, and to what went wrong when the outcomes deviate from prediction.	 Unlike DQN or Actor-Critic, which are conditional models for a specific reward, using a generative model of the full joint distribution permits the reward to be changed on the fly. In addition, the generated futures can be inspected to gain insight in to what the network 'thinks' will happen, and to what went wrong when the outcomes deviate from prediction.	341
What are some exciting future applications of Generative Adversarial Networks?	 To avoid such problems, AI systems must be designed to support fairness and redress instances of unfairness. Despite the attention related to AI unfairness, there has not been a theoretical and systematic approach to developing a design agenda. This paper addresses the issue in three ways. First, we introduce the organizational justice theory, three different fairness types (distributive, procedural, interactional), and the frameworks for redressing instances of unfairness (retributive justice, restorative justice).  Second, we review the design literature that specifically focuses on issues of AI fairness in organizations. Third, we propose a design agenda for AI fairness in organizations that applies each of the fairness types to organizational scenarios. Then, the paper concludes with implications for future research.	 Second, we review the design literature that specifically focuses on issues of AI fairness in organizations. Third, we propose a design agenda for AI fairness in organizations that applies each of the fairness types to organizational scenarios. Then, the paper concludes with implications for future research.	355
Do you have any ideas on how to get GANs to work with text?	 For example, it is difficult to use a recurrent network to read a book and answer questions about it. In this paper, we present an approach of reading text while skipping irrelevant information if needed. The underlying model is a recurrent network that learns how far to jump after reading a few words of the input text.  We employ a standard policy gradient method to train the model to make discrete jumping decisions. In our benchmarks on four different tasks, including number prediction, sentiment analysis, news article classification and automatic Q\&A, our proposed model, a modified LSTM with jumping, is up to 6 times faster than the standard sequential LSTM, while maintaining the same or even better accuracy.	 For example, it is difficult to use a recurrent network to read a book and answer questions about it. In this paper, we present an approach of reading text while skipping irrelevant information if needed. The underlying model is a recurrent network that learns how far to jump after reading a few words of the input text.  We employ a standard policy gradient method to train the model to make discrete jumping decisions. In our benchmarks on four different tasks, including number prediction, sentiment analysis, news article classification and automatic Q\&A, our proposed model, a modified LSTM with jumping, is up to 6 times faster than the standard sequential LSTM, while maintaining the same or even better accuracy.	377
Do you have any ideas on how to get GANs to work with text?	Emotion Detection using Data Driven Models  Text is the major method that is used for communication now a days, each and every day lots of text are created. In this paper the text data is used for the classification of the emotions. Emotions are the way of expression of the persons feelings which has an high influence on the decision making tasks.  Datasets are collected which are available publically and combined together based on the three emotions that are considered here positive, negative and neutral. In this paper we have proposed the text representation method TFIDF and keras embedding and then given to the classical machine learning algorithms of which Logistics Regression gives the highest accuracy of about 75.6%, after which it is passed to the deep learning algorithm which is the CNN which gives the state of art accuracy of about 45.25%. For the research purpose the datasets that has been collected are released.	Emotion Detection using Data Driven Models  Text is the major method that is used for communication now a days, each and every day lots of text are created. In this paper the text data is used for the classification of the emotions. Emotions are the way of expression of the persons feelings which has an high influence on the decision making tasks.  Datasets are collected which are available publically and combined together based on the three emotions that are considered here positive, negative and neutral. In this paper we have proposed the text representation method TFIDF and keras embedding and then given to the classical machine learning algorithms of which Logistics Regression gives the highest accuracy of about 75.6%, after which it is passed to the deep learning algorithm which is the CNN which gives the state of art accuracy of about 45.25%. For the research purpose the datasets that has been collected are released.	360
Do you have any ideas on how to get GANs to work with text?	 Attempts have been made to utilize GANs with word embeddings for text generation. This study presents an approach to text generation using Skip-Thought sentence embeddings with GANs based on gradient penalty functions and f-measures. The proposed architecture aims to reproduce writing style in the generated text by modelling the way of expression at a sentence level across all the works of an author.  Extensive experiments were run in different embedding settings on a variety of tasks including conditional text generation and language generation. The model outperforms baseline text generation networks across several automated evaluation metrics like BLEU-n, METEOR and ROUGE. Further, wide applicability and effectiveness in real life tasks are demonstrated through human judgement scores.	 Attempts have been made to utilize GANs with word embeddings for text generation. This study presents an approach to text generation using Skip-Thought sentence embeddings with GANs based on gradient penalty functions and f-measures. The proposed architecture aims to reproduce writing style in the generated text by modelling the way of expression at a sentence level across all the works of an author.  Extensive experiments were run in different embedding settings on a variety of tasks including conditional text generation and language generation. The model outperforms baseline text generation networks across several automated evaluation metrics like BLEU-n, METEOR and ROUGE. Further, wide applicability and effectiveness in real life tasks are demonstrated through human judgement scores.	360
Do you have any ideas on how to get GANs to work with text?	 In this paper, we demonstrate the surprising fact that sparse PCA can be easier than PCA in practice, and that it can be reliably applied to very large data sets. This comes from a rigorous feature elimination pre-processing result, coupled with the favorable fact that features in real-life data typically have exponentially decreasing variances, which allows for many features to be eliminated.  We introduce a fast block coordinate ascent algorithm with much better computational complexity than the existing first-order ones. We provide experimental results obtained on text corpora involving millions of documents and hundreds of thousands of features. These results illustrate how Sparse PCA can help organize a large corpus of text data in a user-interpretable way, providing an attractive alternative approach to topic models.	 We introduce a fast block coordinate ascent algorithm with much better computational complexity than the existing first-order ones. We provide experimental results obtained on text corpora involving millions of documents and hundreds of thousands of features. These results illustrate how Sparse PCA can help organize a large corpus of text data in a user-interpretable way, providing an attractive alternative approach to topic models.	384
Do you have any ideas on how to get GANs to work with text?	Tracking Idea Flows between Social Groups  In many applications, ideas that are described by a set of words often flow between different groups. To facilitate users in analyzing the flow, we present a method to model the flow behaviors that aims at identifying the lead-lag relationships between word clusters of different user groups.	Tracking Idea Flows between Social Groups  In many applications, ideas that are described by a set of words often flow between different groups. To facilitate users in analyzing the flow, we present a method to model the flow behaviors that aims at identifying the lead-lag relationships between word clusters of different user groups.	379
In what way are Adversarial Networks related or different to Adversarial Training?	Adversarial Robustness through Local Linearization  Adversarial training is an effective methodology for training deep neural networks that are robust against adversarial, norm-bounded perturbations. However, the computational cost of adversarial training grows prohibitively as the size of the model and number of input dimensions increase.  Further, training against less expensive and therefore weaker adversaries produces models that are robust against weak attacks but break down under attacks that are stronger. This is often attributed to the phenomenon of gradient obfuscation; such models have a highly non-linear loss surface in the vicinity of training examples, making it hard for gradient-based attacks to succeed even though adversarial examples still exist.	Adversarial Robustness through Local Linearization  Adversarial training is an effective methodology for training deep neural networks that are robust against adversarial, norm-bounded perturbations. However, the computational cost of adversarial training grows prohibitively as the size of the model and number of input dimensions increase.  Further, training against less expensive and therefore weaker adversaries produces models that are robust against weak attacks but break down under attacks that are stronger. This is often attributed to the phenomenon of gradient obfuscation; such models have a highly non-linear loss surface in the vicinity of training examples, making it hard for gradient-based attacks to succeed even though adversarial examples still exist.	279
In what way are Adversarial Networks related or different to Adversarial Training?	 Alternatively, a recent approach shows that pruning can be done at initialization prior to training, based on a saliency criterion called connection sensitivity. However, it remains unclear exactly why pruning an untrained, randomly initialized neural network is effective. In this work, by noting connection sensitivity as a form of gradient, we formally characterize initialization conditions to ensure reliable connection sensitivity measurements, which in turn yields effective pruning results.	 Alternatively, a recent approach shows that pruning can be done at initialization prior to training, based on a saliency criterion called connection sensitivity. However, it remains unclear exactly why pruning an untrained, randomly initialized neural network is effective. In this work, by noting connection sensitivity as a form of gradient, we formally characterize initialization conditions to ensure reliable connection sensitivity measurements, which in turn yields effective pruning results.	299
In what way are Adversarial Networks related or different to Adversarial Training?	Towards Rapid and Robust Adversarial Training with One-Step Attacks  Adversarial training is the most successful empirical method for increasing the robustness of neural networks against adversarial attacks. However, the most effective approaches, like training with Projected Gradient Descent (PGD) are accompanied by high computational complexity.  In this paper, we present two ideas that, in combination, enable adversarial training with the computationally less expensive Fast Gradient Sign Method (FGSM). First, we add uniform noise to the initial data point of the FGSM attack, which creates a wider variety of adversaries, thus prohibiting overfitting to one particular perturbation bound.	Towards Rapid and Robust Adversarial Training with One-Step Attacks  Adversarial training is the most successful empirical method for increasing the robustness of neural networks against adversarial attacks. However, the most effective approaches, like training with Projected Gradient Descent (PGD) are accompanied by high computational complexity.  In this paper, we present two ideas that, in combination, enable adversarial training with the computationally less expensive Fast Gradient Sign Method (FGSM). First, we add uniform noise to the initial data point of the FGSM attack, which creates a wider variety of adversaries, thus prohibiting overfitting to one particular perturbation bound.	249
In what way are Adversarial Networks related or different to Adversarial Training?	Over-parameterized Adversarial Training: An Analysis Overcoming the   Curse of Dimensionality  Adversarial training is a popular method to give neural nets robustness against adversarial perturbations. In practice adversarial training leads to low robust training loss. However, a rigorous explanation for why this happens under natural conditions is still missing.  Recently a convergence theory for standard (non-adversarial) supervised training was developed by various groups for {\em very overparametrized} nets. It is unclear how to extend these results to adversarial training because of the min-max objective. Recently, a first step towards this direction was made by Gao et al.	Over-parameterized Adversarial Training: An Analysis Overcoming the   Curse of Dimensionality  Adversarial training is a popular method to give neural nets robustness against adversarial perturbations. In practice adversarial training leads to low robust training loss. However, a rigorous explanation for why this happens under natural conditions is still missing.  Recently a convergence theory for standard (non-adversarial) supervised training was developed by various groups for {\em very overparametrized} nets. It is unclear how to extend these results to adversarial training because of the min-max objective. Recently, a first step towards this direction was made by Gao et al.	298
In what way are Adversarial Networks related or different to Adversarial Training?	Efficient Adversarial Training with Transferable Adversarial Examples  Adversarial training is an effective defense method to protect classification models against adversarial attacks. However, one limitation of this approach is that it can require orders of magnitude additional training time due to high cost of generating strong adversarial examples during training.	Efficient Adversarial Training with Transferable Adversarial Examples  Adversarial training is an effective defense method to protect classification models against adversarial attacks. However, one limitation of this approach is that it can require orders of magnitude additional training time due to high cost of generating strong adversarial examples during training.	292
What are the pros and cons of using generative adversarial networks (a type of neural network)?	 We discuss a range of copyright detection systems, and why they are particularly vulnerable to attacks. These vulnerabilities are especially apparent for neural network based systems. As a proof of concept, we describe a well-known music identification method, and implement this system in the form of a neural net.  We then attack this system using simple gradient methods. Adversarial music created this way successfully fools industrial systems, including the AudioTag copyright detector and YouTube's Content ID system. Our goal is to raise awareness of the threats posed by adversarial examples in this space, and to highlight the importance of hardening copyright detection systems to attacks.	 We discuss a range of copyright detection systems, and why they are particularly vulnerable to attacks. These vulnerabilities are especially apparent for neural network based systems. As a proof of concept, we describe a well-known music identification method, and implement this system in the form of a neural net.  We then attack this system using simple gradient methods. Adversarial music created this way successfully fools industrial systems, including the AudioTag copyright detector and YouTube's Content ID system. Our goal is to raise awareness of the threats posed by adversarial examples in this space, and to highlight the importance of hardening copyright detection systems to attacks.	322
What are the pros and cons of using generative adversarial networks (a type of neural network)?	Recurrent Neural Networks with Stochastic Layers for Acoustic Novelty   Detection  In this paper, we adapt Recurrent Neural Networks with Stochastic Layers, which are the state-of-the-art for generating text, music and speech, to the problem of acoustic novelty detection. By integrating uncertainty into the hidden states, this type of network is able to learn the distribution of complex sequences.  Because the learned distribution can be calculated explicitly in terms of probability, we can evaluate how likely an observation is then detect low-probability events as novel. The model is robust, highly unsupervised, end-to-end and requires minimum preprocessing, feature engineering or hyperparameter tuning. An experiment on a benchmark dataset shows that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art acoustic novelty detectors.	Recurrent Neural Networks with Stochastic Layers for Acoustic Novelty   Detection  In this paper, we adapt Recurrent Neural Networks with Stochastic Layers, which are the state-of-the-art for generating text, music and speech, to the problem of acoustic novelty detection. By integrating uncertainty into the hidden states, this type of network is able to learn the distribution of complex sequences.  Because the learned distribution can be calculated explicitly in terms of probability, we can evaluate how likely an observation is then detect low-probability events as novel. The model is robust, highly unsupervised, end-to-end and requires minimum preprocessing, feature engineering or hyperparameter tuning. An experiment on a benchmark dataset shows that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art acoustic novelty detectors.	317
What are the pros and cons of using generative adversarial networks (a type of neural network)?	Universality Theorems for Generative Models  Despite the fact that generative models are extremely successful in practice, the theory underlying this phenomenon is only starting to catch up with practice. In this work we address the question of the universality of generative models: is it true that neural networks can approximate any data manifold arbitrarily well?  We provide a positive answer to this question and show that under mild assumptions on the activation function one can always find a feedforward neural network that maps the latent space onto a set located within the specified Hausdorff distance from the desired data manifold. We also prove similar theorems for the case of multiclass generative models and cycle generative models, trained to map samples from one manifold to another and vice versa.	Universality Theorems for Generative Models  Despite the fact that generative models are extremely successful in practice, the theory underlying this phenomenon is only starting to catch up with practice. In this work we address the question of the universality of generative models: is it true that neural networks can approximate any data manifold arbitrarily well?  We provide a positive answer to this question and show that under mild assumptions on the activation function one can always find a feedforward neural network that maps the latent space onto a set located within the specified Hausdorff distance from the desired data manifold. We also prove similar theorems for the case of multiclass generative models and cycle generative models, trained to map samples from one manifold to another and vice versa.	314
What are the pros and cons of using generative adversarial networks (a type of neural network)?	A Theory of Generative ConvNet  We show that a generative random field model, which we call generative ConvNet, can be derived from the commonly used discriminative ConvNet, by assuming a ConvNet for multi-category classification and assuming one of the categories is a base category generated by a reference distribution.  If we further assume that the non-linearity in the ConvNet is Rectified Linear Unit (ReLU) and the reference distribution is Gaussian white noise, then we obtain a generative ConvNet model that is unique among energy-based models: The model is piecewise Gaussian, and the means of the Gaussian pieces are defined by an auto-encoder, where the filters in the bottom-up encoding become the basis functions in the top-down decoding, and the binary activation variables detected by the filters in the bottom-up convolution process become the coefficients of the basis functions in the top-down deconvolution process.	A Theory of Generative ConvNet  We show that a generative random field model, which we call generative ConvNet, can be derived from the commonly used discriminative ConvNet, by assuming a ConvNet for multi-category classification and assuming one of the categories is a base category generated by a reference distribution.  If we further assume that the non-linearity in the ConvNet is Rectified Linear Unit (ReLU) and the reference distribution is Gaussian white noise, then we obtain a generative ConvNet model that is unique among energy-based models: The model is piecewise Gaussian, and the means of the Gaussian pieces are defined by an auto-encoder, where the filters in the bottom-up encoding become the basis functions in the top-down decoding, and the binary activation variables detected by the filters in the bottom-up convolution process become the coefficients of the basis functions in the top-down deconvolution process.	317
What are the pros and cons of using generative adversarial networks (a type of neural network)?	Asymptotically unbiased estimation of physical observables with neural   samplers  We propose a general framework for the estimation of observables with generative neural samplers focusing on modern deep generative neural networks that provide an exact sampling probability. In this framework, we present asymptotically unbiased estimators for generic observables, including those that explicitly depend on the partition function such as free energy or entropy, and derive corresponding variance estimators. We demonstrate their practical applicability by numerical experiments for the 2d Ising model which highlight the superiority over existing methods. Our approach greatly enhances the applicability of generative neural samplers to real-world physical systems.	Asymptotically unbiased estimation of physical observables with neural   samplers  We propose a general framework for the estimation of observables with generative neural samplers focusing on modern deep generative neural networks that provide an exact sampling probability. In this framework, we present asymptotically unbiased estimators for generic observables, including those that explicitly depend on the partition function such as free energy or entropy, and derive corresponding variance estimators. We demonstrate their practical applicability by numerical experiments for the 2d Ising model which highlight the superiority over existing methods. Our approach greatly enhances the applicability of generative neural samplers to real-world physical systems.	318
Can Generative Adversarial networks use multi-class labels?	 Using images of fashion articles, running multi-class attribute extraction with a single model for all kinds of attributes (neck design detailing, sleeves detailing, etc) requires classifiers that are robust to missing and ambiguously labelled data. In this work, we propose a progressive training approach for such multi-class classification, where weights learnt from an attribute are fine tuned for another attribute of the same fashion article (say, dresses).  We branch networks for each attributes from a base network progressively during training. While it may have many labels, an image doesn't need to have all possible labels for fashion articles present in it. We also compare our approach to multi-label classification, and demonstrate improvements over overall classification accuracies using our approach.	 We branch networks for each attributes from a base network progressively during training. While it may have many labels, an image doesn't need to have all possible labels for fashion articles present in it. We also compare our approach to multi-label classification, and demonstrate improvements over overall classification accuracies using our approach.	331
Can Generative Adversarial networks use multi-class labels?	 On the other hand, classification technique deals with the categorization of a data object into one of the several predefined classes. In the multi-label classification problem, unlike the traditional multi-class classification setting, each instance can be simultaneously associated with a subset of labels.  The focus of thesis is on the development of novel techniques for collaborative filtering and multi-label classification.   We propose a novel method of constructing a hierarchical bi-level maximum margin matrix factorization to handle matrix completion of ordinal rating matrix. Taking the cue from the alternative formulation of support vector machines, a novel loss function is derived by considering proximity as an alternative criterion instead of margin maximization criterion for matrix factorization framework.	 On the other hand, classification technique deals with the categorization of a data object into one of the several predefined classes. In the multi-label classification problem, unlike the traditional multi-class classification setting, each instance can be simultaneously associated with a subset of labels.  The focus of thesis is on the development of novel techniques for collaborative filtering and multi-label classification.   We propose a novel method of constructing a hierarchical bi-level maximum margin matrix factorization to handle matrix completion of ordinal rating matrix. Taking the cue from the alternative formulation of support vector machines, a novel loss function is derived by considering proximity as an alternative criterion instead of margin maximization criterion for matrix factorization framework.	331
Can Generative Adversarial networks use multi-class labels?	Online Multiclass Classification Based on Prediction Margin for Partial   Feedback  We consider the problem of online multiclass classification with partial feedback, where an algorithm predicts a class for a new instance in each round and only receives its correctness. Although several methods have been developed for this problem, recent challenging real-world applications require further performance improvement.  In this paper, we propose a novel online learning algorithm inspired by recent work on learning from complementary labels, where a complementary label indicates a class to which an instance does not belong. This allows us to handle partial feedback deterministically in a margin-based way, where the prediction margin has been recognized as a key to superior empirical performance. We provide a theoretical guarantee based on a cumulative loss bound and experimentally demonstrate that our method outperforms existing methods which are non-margin-based and stochastic.	Online Multiclass Classification Based on Prediction Margin for Partial   Feedback  We consider the problem of online multiclass classification with partial feedback, where an algorithm predicts a class for a new instance in each round and only receives its correctness. Although several methods have been developed for this problem, recent challenging real-world applications require further performance improvement.  In this paper, we propose a novel online learning algorithm inspired by recent work on learning from complementary labels, where a complementary label indicates a class to which an instance does not belong. This allows us to handle partial feedback deterministically in a margin-based way, where the prediction margin has been recognized as a key to superior empirical performance. We provide a theoretical guarantee based on a cumulative loss bound and experimentally demonstrate that our method outperforms existing methods which are non-margin-based and stochastic.	330
Can Generative Adversarial networks use multi-class labels?	A Network Perspective on Stratification of Multi-Label Data  In the recent years, we have witnessed the development of multi-label classification methods which utilize the structure of the label space in a divide and conquer approach to improve classification performance and allow large data sets to be classified efficiently.  Yet most of the available data sets have been provided in train/test splits that did not account for maintaining a distribution of higher-order relationships between labels among splits or folds. We present a new approach to stratifying multi-label data for classification purposes based on the iterative stratification approach proposed by Sechidis et.	A Network Perspective on Stratification of Multi-Label Data  In the recent years, we have witnessed the development of multi-label classification methods which utilize the structure of the label space in a divide and conquer approach to improve classification performance and allow large data sets to be classified efficiently.  Yet most of the available data sets have been provided in train/test splits that did not account for maintaining a distribution of higher-order relationships between labels among splits or folds. We present a new approach to stratifying multi-label data for classification purposes based on the iterative stratification approach proposed by Sechidis et.	328
Can Generative Adversarial networks use multi-class labels?	Generative Well-intentioned Networks  We propose Generative Well-intentioned Networks (GWINs), a novel framework for increasing the accuracy of certainty-based, closed-world classifiers. A conditional generative network recovers the distribution of observations that the classifier labels correctly with high certainty.  We introduce a reject option to the classifier during inference, allowing the classifier to reject an observation instance rather than predict an uncertain label. These rejected observations are translated by the generative network to high-certainty representations, which are then relabeled by the classifier. This architecture allows for any certainty-based classifier or rejection function and is not limited to multilayer perceptrons. The capability of this framework is assessed using benchmark classification datasets and shows that GWINs significantly improve the accuracy of uncertain observations.	Generative Well-intentioned Networks  We propose Generative Well-intentioned Networks (GWINs), a novel framework for increasing the accuracy of certainty-based, closed-world classifiers. A conditional generative network recovers the distribution of observations that the classifier labels correctly with high certainty.  We introduce a reject option to the classifier during inference, allowing the classifier to reject an observation instance rather than predict an uncertain label. These rejected observations are translated by the generative network to high-certainty representations, which are then relabeled by the classifier. This architecture allows for any certainty-based classifier or rejection function and is not limited to multilayer perceptrons. The capability of this framework is assessed using benchmark classification datasets and shows that GWINs significantly improve the accuracy of uncertain observations.	325
